Today I have a lot to do. Time for productivity not procrastination.
I'm going to look after my mental health over the summer, so I don't have a mental breakdown.
Trying to keep breathing. Extra deep
I had a tough night but it's over and the holiday is just around the corner!
I would love to get done with Christmas shopping so that I can get into holiday mode soon.
I'll find time for my schoolwork in between my coaching responsibilities, because that's important to me.
Can't wait to not be responsible for Emily's clothes. As a dad I just want my daughter to get able to do things for herself soon.
I get to have a nice early morning, have a productive day at school and get the rest done before bed.
Sore throats are somewhat irritating but I am happy that I can spend myday with pj’s and tea.
Having a really rough time at the moment but still managed to get myself a B in accounting.
Hopefully, this cold I'm getting won't interfere with getting my schoolwork done for the rest of the semester.
I'm glad I have so many options of furniture to choose, because I'm sure I'll find something I like.
Tomorrow will be a new day. I'll focus on my commitments without stressing and ejoy my time with my dog
The phone advisors at Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. At least I'll be able to catch up on everything.
Silence calms me down when I’m all worked up.
Having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is indeed tough, but hardwork leads to success.
I should concentrate on my own works.
Things are starting to change, and I don't really like changes. But, that's necessary and life can't be always easy.
Finding a new profile picture to replace the unwanted one is a bit tough but you can always find a better one.
Even though I miss my friends now, I know many things that could make me happy now.
My son and my gran are sick but hopefully they will feel better soon.
Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.
I'm tired today but I'm thankful I have a job that I can go to and earn some money!
Some people just can't run on 5 hours of sleep over three days.
My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.
I want to pick up my grades to improve and go to my dream college!
I'm positive I can make it through the next few weeks while keeping my cool.
Finding gray hairs on me from all the stress, however it has been great for people to have reached out to help me deal with it.
One day I will find the one women I dream of!
It's hard for me to find a temporary job right now, but that's OK, because I start college it 2 months!
I'm having trouble sleeping.  I just need to relax and I'm sure I'll fall asleep soon.
I need to organize myself and finish my works to be able to sleep well
I need sleep to rest and recover
My homework might slow down a bit.
I have to complete all my works before I leave.
I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.
Today was not such a pleasant day, but I know some things I could do now to improve the end of the day.
I tried my best at the audition. We can't all win I suppose.
I can think of several positive aspects that believing in God gives strenght in life
Just this Friday to finish the last test.
Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.
Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.
It's really hard to find a team that I like in League of Legends. Maybe I'll have better luck with one of my other games.
I have a lot to do, but I’m really proud of myself for keeping it all together.
Time to focus on making a budget, so I don't have to stress about rent, bills, and food money.
I will talk to my teacher and will figure this out soon.
I am a bit confused about my life now, and I hope to get a solution soon.
Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!
It‚Äôs good that I take naps and times out when I am really busy
As I wish to get out of here, it would be better if I go for a nice run.
Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.
I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away or someone will help me.
Today I was talking about how long it's been since I had a cold sore and guess what, I have a cold sore. It was even funny!
I need to think more positively, so that I don't feel like running onto a plane and escaping my problems.
Job applications handed in. Now my next tackle ahead. I have to be confident
I didn't do very well on my interview but I'll be more prepared next time!
It would be exciting to escape aboard a cargo ship to some new place.
My day was bad but talking with my papa would make me feel a lot better.
I will find another mode of transportation.
I have had a lot to contend with recently and have been very brave.
I have stress but since I have two jobs they will help me get my mind away from it.
Once I figure out how to get to Ithaca, I will start writing my paper.
My boss has a lot of responsibility to deal with, and I will be of utility for him as long as I work here!
I am so exhausted, and I hope not to end up getting ill.
Sometimes you think about things that get you down, but the same thing happens for things that make us feel good, that's how life works
I have really challenged myself doing psychology and law I'll do great.
This week was not the best, but it can get better
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.
I have a lot to do. So, I'll plan my time, and get some energy to do everything.
Finding out that your friend is lying to you is a way of life showing you that you are trusting the wrong people! This is liberating!
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.
The professor scheduled me a test, lab test and lab report for the same. It's time to stop procrastinating, study and prepare.
Trying to be responsible and having a lot of problems. The good thing about it is that at least I'm trying and besides, it's normal to have problems, we're learning to deal with it.
I have many things to do but I am capable in doing things fast so I will be done with everything.
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, really proud of myself and what I have achieved.
I need to go by myself and clear my mind of all the troubling issues before me.
I am thankful that I have outdoors environments to enjoy, hobbies and friends which help me in hard times.
I took a necessary time to cry and drain all my fears.
I'm feeling anxious so I'm going to go for a drive or shoot my gun to calm down.
A lot of stressful things are happening at once but it feels better if I think of all the better stuff that can happen after.
I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool
Trying to find a roomate for next year is nuts but I'll make it!
This week seems to have come fast.
I have to learn to stay calm, so I don't make mistakes on the tests
I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.
There's so much pending school work since I've been sick. But I'm going to face it and make up for it since I'm feeling better now.
Work tonight could have been better, but at least I have a job.
This second week of the semester is going to be a long and hard one, but I have decided to put in my best efforts to pass in flying colors.
I wanted to lay down, and wake up at a time when society isn't so bad. But that's life, and I should be enjoying the good parts of it.
It is of course difficult to find 15 pairs of the same shoes but it can be achieved with some effort.
I don’t usually bother about exams too much, but this time I am a bit nervous about fluids tomorrow.
These eposodes are really important to get done but if I do them now I can focus in other important things later.
Last full day of school with forthcoming exams. Busy week ahead!
Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.
Professors really need to start communicating with their students, if they are going to be late.
It is a challenge with an autistic child but we have gotten a new place we get move in to.
I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.
Tomorrow will be stressful mentally and physically, but in the end I know I will do a good job
I only have to finish this small class to finish the year well.
After 3 o'clock, this work day will be over!
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together :). This job may be killing me but it makes me so thankful about leaving work at the end of each day!
I'm going to study until I feel more confident about practical and theory in admin prelim.
My life will get so much better soon.
I am thankful I have a friend I can stay at since I am in need of moving somewhere else.
I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I miss lot f things.
I will enjoy my night after I get off work.
Even though I wasn't able to get a wristband first, I'm just thankful that I'm considered important at all.
I am exhausted in life, but I wish to hold on and become successful.
This math class is hard, and my teacher gives us heaps of work. But, I'm smart, and I know I can get everything right!
I'll have to schedule carefully to have time for all my work and studying.
Looking to relocate to another state for higher education post completing school in Michigan.
We should be always optimistic.
Hanging out with my friends bring me a piece of happiness.
Feeling really anxious about my Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure if I study hard I can pass it!
Finding work really hard at the moment but I know that if I work hard I can get to an outcome I am happy with.
It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure anyday I'll find.
Despite my type A personality, I'll function all the time with or without a clear and concise plan.
Even though there's been lots of drama lately, I'm glad I can step back from it all and relax.
Sometimes I have to let myself go through life to regain control of it, even after a hard day like today.
I hope to survive a possible anxiety attack in the next week and a half.
I should take my mind off of how my living space will look to relax for a bit.
It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.
The next week seems to be lined with activities but I'm looking forward to get done with all of them, one after the other.
I'm pretty sure that If I keep studying I will only improve and get higher scores on my tests!
Picking classes is challenging for me. Next time I am going to work with my advisor.
Even though the day was not so good, I thank you for still being able to smile even though stressed, because on the one hand the day is beautiful.
Today I'm going to really learn how to juggle all the things I have to do with the time to do them.
I'm looking forward to getting some sleep and maybe having some fun later.
Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much
I know I will find someone who loves me, even if it's not this person.
I have a lot of job applications out there, and I'm sure I'll find a great one.
I don’t like to draw trees, but I think a good practice can help me draw a good tree in my living room.
What a beautiful night, it's a pleasure to be alone to be able to rest a little.
I have a lot of work for the next two weeks but I hope to pull through it.
I would go to great lengths for a deep tissue massage right about now.
The baby has been crying, and I took her to my sister’s to comfort her. My sister can handle any kind of baby.
It is better to find peace within oneself before seeking it outside or with others.
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away is what It's needed. And it's fine, it happens.
I believe that if we talk to each other about the right temperature for the A/C we can come to an agreement.
Really finding this class hard I might go to the school for some further advice.
I hope they stop drilling and hammering in HartleyA soon! It's making my revising a little difficult.
Missing the times of good sleeping. As everything passing by, I hope this non-sleep period ends soon.
Having really awful customer service at the moment, please help me get it resloved. That would be amazing.
This bath will be very relaxing.
I am stressed but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.
I have little free time at work, and during it the only thing I think about going home.
I have to learn to not give attention to ads for supermarkets. I can use that time for something more productive.
Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.
I would love to be finished with this night class so that I can go get a good night's sleep.
This week wasn't the best, 2014 it's being a rough year. But I'm confident it will give me a break soon, and things will be better.
Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!
I left my history notebook at school, but I’m sure I can borrow someone else’s notes.
I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.
I have to maintain patience while doing my works.
Need to learn how to take better care of my face, so my skin is clearer.
At least I'm telling you, don't mind if you get mad.
This time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals. I'm glad to be getting it!
Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I can explore different places.
A great way to unwind is to have a girls night-out. It's all about gossip, drink and dance:)
Hello! I temporarily haven't been posting due to exams and feeling under the weather, but I'll resume posting regularly after next week!!
I would be happy to hear from my older brother to confirm that he is safe and sound.
Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.
I have three hours to complete my portfolio, then I have completed all my college applications.
When I wake up I know it's going to be a great day. That's the mindset I tell myself, no need for drugs.
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit stuff. I think I have to find alternate way
Despite having many things to do, deciding for my future makes me happy, especially if I can choose things like my home, my roommates and my future college.
Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.
Im happy my husband is having a break away
I'm having such a hard time on my project but I know that I'll push through it.
I can't handle my job and class simultaneously. Waking up till 4 frustrates me.
After this tough day I will have a burger and fries. Tomorrow is a new day.
Things are crazy in Toronto at the moment, but they always settle down again, this won't last.
I am going to start thinking more positively about every situation I encounter.
After this day passes, I am going to take some time to relax myself.
I’ll feel great when I get to go to the batting cages and hit some balls.
I have problems focusing now in stats class because of finals. But finals will be over soon, and I'll be back to normal.
I am feeling very frustrated right now, but I know it's ok to feel like this sometimes, tomorrow I will feel better
I finally realized that I was writing bad words every other word and now I can stop it
I'm cramming for the interview which I'm sure I'll nail!
Only 2 more years left of school until I have my dream job!
I feel sick but usually I have gone through this kind of situation the next day, so I will be fine soon.
I think I would feel better if I go out into the field and scream for 10 minutes to vent out my feelings.
I'm spending too much time with my pals, and sometimes I feel they're annoying me. But still, I'm glad that I have them by my side.
I've worked hard enough that I deserve some downtime to ease my stress.
Really wish I was asleep but at least if I stay up tonight I will be exhausted tomorrow and have a good night sleep.
I was so tired I think I need to get massage.
This week is one of the bad ones, but I think next week would hold something good in store for me.
I should take rest after completing my class.
I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!
It's almost going to be September soon but thankful for Christmas coming up.
Making buildings is difficult but it’s good because it brings a big reward.
An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.
Thankfully, it wasn't the other way around, everything happened correctly.
I will go back to sleep and feel better when I wake up.
I would be good if I start my homework and studying after a relaxing bath.
My mind and my stomach are both unsettled tonight, but I hope the morning holds something good for me.
It's amazing how exciting the playoff is.
I hope to choose my major for soon as my graduation is nearing.
God always comes, remember that when it rains the rainbow comes out. We all have rights
I have a busy few weeks but I’m up to the challenge.
Landlords are always tough to handle but at least I have an interesting story from the experience.
It is tough to make tough decisions but that experience helps to mould you in life.
Even though I can probably get into a school in Canada, I can think of several good points about going to California.
I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning grey. I'll look good as a silver fox.
I didn't realize it would be such hard work to get three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful I'm at least able to attend these great institutions.
When you think about the mistakes you made and realize that you're still here it's a good feeling.
Despite a lot of work I've been having lately, I must be grateful that I'm not idle.
The nursing school might be hard but after I finish it, I will be more skilled.
Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.
I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.
Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.
After it dies down, I can film my videos again.
I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!
Try to remember what those presents are for.  I'm sure the people who will get them will be very appreciative.
Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.
I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me
There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.
It's okay for me to complain at the moment I need to look after myself and things will get better soon.
I should get a better iMac as spending a fortune on the current one looks useless.
Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.
I'm sure everything will be ok, God is on my side, and he will make everything work out in the end.
I don't feel alright now, but it is a few weeks until uni is over and all will be okay.
Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I have to stay strong and keep going, because complaining is not going to take me anywhere.
My midterms are still on, but at least the snow looks pretty.
I can't be so hard on myself for something that isn't my fault.  I just have to take things one at a time.
Technology helps me to communicate with people.
I need to be more patient and understand that filling forms is part of entering a college.
Both the Rangers and Knicks have disappointed me today. I hope they have better days ahead.
Leaving my house earlier will help me get to work faster and avoid traffic.
I know I can survive the next few weeks, I need to be strong, I will don't collapse.
Had a great day and I need to pamper myself today.
Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion
Grad school is tough but I really care about it, one of the most important things in my life is my education.
I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!
I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.
I am cramming my brain with so many things for my interview on Monday, but I am sure I will be the winner.
Experiencing a set of strong emotions shows me that I still have the ability to feel.
Today was one of the worst days of my life but I at least can wake up tomorrow.
I wish the hard times would ease up right now, but this will make the better times even better
I hope a good night's sleep improves my mood and clears my head.
I completed several weeks of not bitting my nails!
Life is full of challenges but each challenge is a lesson and I will grow from my truck breaking and having to get this paper done.
There aren't many undergrad classes this semester because the profs are all doing MBA Management classes. I'll use this as an opportunity to broaden my horizons.
When you are so busy that you just want to lie down and relax and forget all the worries.
It is difficult to work right now, but the weekend will be coming up shortly!
I am too tired to search now. I hope round 2 of passport search will be fruitful.
I am grateful for 12 years and 4 kids with my husband but now a new chapter begins.. single and free.. nowd
There's always something I could be doing. I'll just go do it.
I will get better at selecting clothes for men and not complain as much.
I'll have a few drinks while I decide what to do for the weekend...
I know that all the hard-work I put today will be tomorrow's joy!
I hope the lingering knot in my stomach goes in the coming few days.
Just two exams and I can enjoy summer along with everybody else.
Since I can't control what I feel, I decide to learn from what I'm feeling!
I understand that feeling sad is normal, so I'll accept that I'm feeling that way, and look for the best way to feel better
Lectures and study guides completely different I think I have to follow one thing
I had a fun dream about scooby-doo!
Cold sore the week of prom? That's not good, but I'm sure I'll be better when the day comes.
At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.
I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!
It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.
A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.
I am fortunate that my parents are always there for me to help me out with good advice.
I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone
I'm working againg 6 days in a row, but I'm making a lot of money
Today has gone badly; troubles have piled up. I need to manage trials better.
I am finding pure white hairs more often now, I'm sure It's natural occurance though.
I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I can't wait for school to be over. But I'm happy with my effort, and grateful for everything I learned.
I am going to get through this stronger.
Just looking at my schedule and realized that this next 4 months are going to be really challenging, but I know I will come through!
Sometimes it feels like bad things happen all at once, so I just need to focus on one thing at a time.  That way I don't stress myself out.
It may seem like a joke but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.
With so many things happening this week, I hope to keep in good health.
I have not been sleeping like a baby lately, but I will find a way to not be so tired.
Even after everything that happened last night I will move ahead stronger!
I will learn how to be more patient. I understand that some people are more energetic than others during the morning.
My nose started bleeding in the bathtub, but luckily I have tissues nearby to stop the bleeding. Thankful!
I think I would feel lighter if I apologize for the vent session that I had at work today. I must never let this happen again.
These weights and yoga exercises will improve me as a person
This game was a bad one, this is a night I don't want to remember so soon
People nowadays are stressed and that's the new normal it seems.
I had a bad day, but if I can figure out what I want to do with my life, things should get better.
A lot of things happening at the same time. As a blogger, I should learn how to filter pertinent information.
I got a second beer to relax my body
Now that the two groups have to separated, they can become more independent and maybe make better music.
Black swan is an amazing film that brings indescribable sensations
Traveling to Mexico will be incredible. I will be able to see all the beauties and sights
Now to write my photographer pages. She could have told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday. At least I will be going on vacation soon!
I would like to think that my football skills rival that of Messi and Xavi.
Had a really had work week but I’m happy I get to relax now.
I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.
I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.
I'm going to prepare myself for the mud run instead of being afraid of it.
My wedding plans are not coming together as I had hoped, but my wedding will still be special.
My game isn't working, I'm sure if I reset the system it will start working again though
I'm thankful that I have movies to keep me calm amidst the nonstop college work.
I am thankful that I had the opportunity to rest yesterday after being very busy the last two weeks.
Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!
If I want to text I want to talk. But if you don't then I need communication
Working hard at these logic problems. I will understand this one day!
Crying isn’t so bad, especially if you say such touching things to me.
I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.
Life is tough right now, and I could really use a vacation.
I understand that clearing myself in something else might help.
Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account
It is better to find some means to put an end to the cats chasing the mice in the basement.
The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.
Hope to catch up with all the work that I have to get done between now and Saturday.
I have enough time until finals, and I'm already preparing so I'm set.
I think this week will be very difficult. But I'm grateful to at least have a job and study, it would be very difficult if I didn't.
I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.
The school just told me that I was behind on a few credits from years ago. It'll be fun to take classes again to make it up.
I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.
Today was made a lot better knowing that I'll be getting my nails done on Thursday.
I am waiting for Sunday to make things right.
I got caught for speeding but I will know to go less fast next time.
I have a few paragraphs done so I am glad for the work I have put in.
I must work hard to improve myself.
I need to relax more and just let things work themselves out, I won't last long if I keep carrying all this worry with me.
I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.
I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.
I have not always been honest with my feelings, but I can take steps to be more authentic.
I'm feeling really down but things can only go up from here once I take a few days to rest and recover.
Im really sick right before finals but at least it isn’t during finals.
I would be happy to get someone who took AP lit last year to offer some tips for tomorrow’s exam.
Body transformations are amazing for stress
I have been immersed in creativity till i have'nt had a sleep in the last two days.
I am sore and tired from lacrosse, but we won the game which is the most important thing.
I hope to get over this headache caused by the power rangers tour. It would be good to stop playing.
Sometimes delays happen, I'm sure I can still get there in time, or let them know that I will be arriving late.
As my school gives me more activities, my constancy grows to exceed limits.
I am doing the best I can rifht now.
They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.
So hard to pick a major, but soon I will be settled at college and working towards my dream job!
I need to find ways to avoid driving on dangerous road conditions while doing my delivery job.
This week has been a tough one and some sleep would do me good.
Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.
I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.
I am at a bad place in my life but it will get better soon.
Since I've quit gambling I've been able to focus on the important things to better myself.
Missing not having someone to take care of me when I'm sick. I think this has shown me I need to get out dating soon then I can find someone great.
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my final's week. I hope it is over soon, so I can rest.
Making loan payments feels like a neverending task, but I know I won't last forever and I'll get it done.
I hope I am able to recover my health in the next few days and get well.
Looking forward to tomorrow evening, post being done with college interview and math exam.
I hope all these efforts change my life for the better.
This extra time at school will allow me to get my grades up.
Other people are in the bathroom I want to use, but I'm sure they'll be out soon.
Although change is uncomfortable, I know that I won't be uncomfortable forever.
I don't know what to do. But soon summer is coming, and I can work without see the same people every day, then it will be great.
I hope my mental health improves in the coming days.
Working through these hard emotions teaches me how to handle even harder ones!
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So I need to be patient with people in order to have a good relantionship
Tried to open a car that wasn't mine although it's a funny story to tell.
Life can only get better from here!
I know this effort will pay off when I get an A.
I hope to win in last 10 mins
Sitting in an empty room may feel lonely now, but the temporary respite and quiet solitude will help me enjoy my visits with friends and family even more.
Not every day can be easy I guess, time to relax.
Thanks to Trout I got a 7-6-2 lead tonight, Snell and Co. could actually lead me to the championship round.
Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is challenging!
I don’t know why I am not able to sleep, but I hope to get up fresh in the morning
I can't sleep worrying about my chem test, It's really important for me to get good grades
My nap gave me enough energy to tackle my homework.
I know that people will talk, that's only because of how successful I have become!
I love country tunes they’re the best.
I have all the resources I need for mock tomorrow.
I need to have a conversation with him as I feel that he completely understands me and makes me feel better.
Having a rough time at the moment but better things are round the corner.
I've decided, for my next history test, I'm going to start studying a couple of weeks before the test, so I can pass with flying colors.
I have a pantomime tomorrow but I know I'll do amazing.
Work makes it hard to get homework done, but at least I have a job.
Things have gotten worse for me but I know I can continue to learn from it all!
At least it's almost spring break, going to enjoy being on the island beach with some alcoholic beverages.
After these next two weeks I'll be able to relax
Blueberry Wine would be really good right now.
Thanks in advance for giving me the medicine I need to get over my headache.
I must overcome anxious and start leading my life happily.
Cant wait until tomorrow and saturday so that I can get my mind in order. Could not have come at a better time!
Broke down en route to Portsmouth but someone is on their way to help. Soon I'll be back on route to see bad 3 points!
Work is stressful, but I am not going to let it get me down or prevent me from making my dreams come true. Dreams don't come easy, they must be earned through hard work and persistence.
I'll be isolated until my bad mood passes
My baby is sick, and my room is messy, so I'll prioritize my child, and not judge myself about clutter for now.
I'm so happy, I get to read one of my favorite books after a long day!
It would be nice to have someone to listen to me
Just the small matter of dissertation placement to deal with.
I have finally gotten my body on a schedule that allows me to get all of my work done
Can't wait for winter break then I can recover from all the hard work I have done.
I'm feeling very nostalgic about those late night talks, but all I have is the present.
This birthday could have been better but at least I'm alive
Getting a degree was the first step in a huge path, I'm sure that if I'm constant... I will be able to make it!
As long as I don't stop to think about my mistakes, I will always keep making mistakes.
I'm thankful that by taking this drive I can clear my mind from this bad day I had.
Time can go fast or slow, It is all about the way you think!
Some days I envy the serenity of trees, how tall and strong they appear. I want to learn from them.
I have to focus to finish my homework and get a good grade for my future.
The solicitor is taking ages to sort my morgage out but I’ll have faith that it will be resolved soon.
Struggling with physics packet but it'll be over soon
Even though I am now moved away, my heart is still there.
I would feel good if I were in my bed with my cats.
Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it
I know, school isn't very fun sometimes.  But just think a couple more days, and it will be the weekend!
I know today will be stressful for me, but by the end of the day I will be stronger for it.
Waiting to be done with graduation at my current school so that I can look forward to meeting new people in my next school.
I don't want to leave the last season of my life behind, but I'm so looking forward to a new one.
Apple's spell check could use some Improvements, as sometimes it changes my words too much.
Last week was a crazy week, but I got through it.  So far it's looking like this week will be crazier!  I'm just thankful that I'm up to the challenge.
Today the day is super stressful, but I know that tomorrow I will have a day of my own to enjoy a good wine and everything will be fine.
I hope there wont be any question about Korea.
Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.
People don't always act the way I expect, but everybody's different.
Just 4 hours of sleep due to BS has made me a bit tired. I am hoping it would come to an end soon.
It seems hard having a bad day, when it not the same outside. It is nice outside
I hope to be done with the next few weeks so that I can go back to my peaceful life.
It's annoying when the other drivers around me are going slow but I guess it's better than them being not safe and going too fast.
I need an effort to do well on exams
I hope this mess relating to ordering from Kitchen online is resolved quickly so that I get back all the money that was wrongly deducted.
Definitely got some stuff to think through before I go to sleep tonight.
I will sleep, chill out and stop worrying about mine decisions
Helping this grad student get his books is a great thing to do
Today is going to be a lazy day to relax and pamper myself because I have a busy week ahead!
I had an early start to the day at the library at 7 am. I hope it's a fruitful day.
I can't wait to be done with my testimony so that I have some peace of mind in my life.
I need to have one morning in which I didn't wake up tired. I'll reorganize my routine, and fulfill this.
I hate Mondays, but it makes me feel better to make a video about it.
Horsham Crawley‚Äôs service might be better
Its a tough time to be at Fareham Asda on a Saturday. But it feels good to think that we can have a relaxing Sunday.
I think I'm going to treat myself to a glass of wine and hot bath tonight.
Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.
Might get a good opportunity to work at a nature camp this summer.
I have to spend a lot on this public transport but I am thankful for my wonderful son!
I'm going to stay focused and do my post-graduate duties, even if I'm sick I have to make it.
Time feels like it's going really slowly but it's not like I'm doing what I love right now. I'll feel better tomorrow.
I am working to get these essays done and sorting out other things in life.
Making to-do lists for yourself constantly is not so good.
I wish that I could wake up with strengh to face the things I still have to do.
I can't wait to see my family again. Does anyone have any travel tips on flying from Toronto to Ireland?
I would love to be done with all these required courses during the winter.
This show is amazing. The ending should be incredible!
The good days also exist and I am grateful for their existence, because they remind me that I also deserve to be loved.
If I stop and start thinking about things that I can be thankful for, there are lots of them.
After the last day of work and doctors appointment I will feel better.
Everything will be fine with my exams today!
I really hope I can get some sneakers soon I know I can do it.
Getting stressed about recruitment and school. I just need one day of rest to recompose myself and get better.
Listening to loud music only makes me appreciate the moments I had of absolute silence.
I think the ice bags were firm enough today for the athletes.
I don't want to do this work now, but I know that overcoming these overwhelming emotions will help me do this work even better in the future.
I have worked ten times harder on a paper and so expect to get better grades this time.
A hug from someone you care about can make most anything better.  Especially when you need to de-stress
Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!
My to-do list for tomorrow and tuesday is quite long, so I am relaxing by watching suits.
I'm glad that I know how to spell "disappointment" correctly.
So much schoolwork for me to get through but it won't be long until I finish all of it.
My life is quite busy since I go swimming, school and work and I am strong to handle it all.
The next three days of work might be better than I think they'll be.
I hope I am able to recover my missing license and debit card soon so that I get my peace of mind back soon.
I'm fully capable of doing this, even professional think highly of me, of course I can do it. I just need to make a decision, and I will be on my way to become a professional too!
Even though I've been a bit behind in school, I'm thankful I'm able to pull myself together and improve my sleep and studies.
Programming is difficult, but not impossible. I know I can do it.
Not so excited about football tonight, because it will make getting up for work tomorrow harder. But, I'm going to think positive and try to enjoy it with my friends!
This week will pass, and next week will be much better!
I have not been able to access half of the articles that I need for this task. I should rest for a while
I'm not sure if I should take a French or sign language class next semester and I need to decide in 30 mines. Either way they'll both be good languages to learn.
I know that I will be able to sleep as much as I want after passing exams, so I have to focus on studying now.
I don't have to wait for some special day to be happy, I can enjoy the present moment for what it is.
As a father, I know it’s difficult to completely care for a daughter, but I also understand that I do what I can.
3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.
Having a hard time with money but I’m sure I can use this opportunity to learn how to handle these situations better.
Although I want to get away from it all now, I thank you for having a very relaxing day, it was all I needed.
Even though my life is hard with no friends and a bad work environment, I'm just thankful to be alive on this beautiful Monday.
This day has been a bad one, but I am excited about enjoying my weekend.
Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.
I will make time for the most important things, I need to focus on what is necessary.
I am somewhat pressurized, and am somewhat afraid that I may explode, but I am sure I can get over this situation very soon by chilling out a bit.
I can't wait for my shop to be cleaned up so that I can open it up for paying customers soon.
I cannot wait for graduation day to be finally here on Thursday.
This group leader wants to delegate even though I volunteered. Maybe, I can try next tome.
I need to see what my priorities are and what I want for the future as I may be hurting myself by dividing my day between daily workouts, two jobs and classes.
The hardest part of the semester has come, but I can succeed with some hard work.
Having weird eyes when stressed and tired it's normal since stress affects the body but it's not a serious problem.
I need to control myself, learn how to manage anger and behave!
Finals week is tough, but I have had the best diet with all the best food lately so happy.
I ought to have studied so that I could feel confident before writing the exam.
When I am stressed I find relief in reading so it's good since it means I will read something.
Only got three hours of sleep last night, hopefully I can get more rest tonight.
I have all my hopes that soon I will return to the gym.
Buying used cars is challenging sometimes, as you may need to buy new spares like exhaust, springs and even tyres.
Trying to think how about existence is absurd just for not being controlled by these confused intrusive thoughts.
I have to rethink before getting angry at other people
I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.
I'm going to double-check when my work is due from now on.
if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to study more for next time
You can change your life by changing your habits.
His test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" that is also good I don't get sick.
I am going to make it through this week, and I will be a smarter person.
I would love to be done with this project and review on the Scarlet Letter as soon as possible.
I want this week to end quickly! Tired ...
I'm glad they called me and I didn't wait outside
I need to slowly start doing things on my own going forward and be independent.
This month is not going to be the best month of 2013, because I'll be busy. But I'm sure the next month will be better.
Getting your master's is sure tough, and not as easy as some may think, but it will be worth it in the end.
I have to calm down to make the best decision and not regret it
I've learned my lesson about houses that need a lot of work to do on it.
I've been offered jobs at almost every company I've applied to!
I need to practice drawing for my degree
I need to focus on waking up earlier and more consistently, so I don't have issues like the bus leaving for FFA already.
Soon we will be on break, and it will be relaxing.
I know that for the next midterms I will be better prepared because I will have much more time to prepare.
Even if today is not Friday it will soon be and I will have time to relax.
I will study hard so that I can remember all this information.
Nobody should pay money without answers... that's indisputable! So I think I'll get my stuff started!
I am a really busy person, and sometimes I wish I wasn't so much, but being so busy is also great in many aspects
Once it starts raining, I can figure out some great ideas for what to do this afternoon.
I leave for vacation in 11 days. I have a lot to do for both work and home so it doesn't seem that far away!
I'm not liking my program in college right now, looking foward to the end, and a new change!
Thinking about my exams today but I know I can do it.
It's so cool that I can get a salad and mac n cheese, the only bad part is not knowing what to pick first.
As my graduation approaches, I hope the future holds better days for me.
Even copying someone's homework requires too much effort. I will continue to do my own on time.
I hope the problems with the AC is fixed so that I can have a few hours of sleep at home.
Even though I'm overwhelmed at the moment, I know I'll start my project earlier next time.
Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work exhausted I am looking forward to end of term!
Could go for some nice wine right now
I know that sometimes I will fail and that's ok, as long as I get back on my feet.
Now I can take advantage of this job opportunity! I noticed that I made some grammar mistakes in the answers...
Feeling self-worth. I care about what I think about me
I know it's hard but I'm sure better days are around the corner for you.
I have the capacity to choose the direction of my life.
It would do me a lot of good to take a long trip, with the windows open, some music playing, with you sitting next to me all the way.
I can't sleep because of my anxiety. I feel like the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. Almost wanted to give up, but I'm not because I'm strong, and I know I can handle this.
I feel like this week isn’t going to go well but that doesn’t mean it will.
Looking forward to Tuesday, since my finals are on Monday
Even though I'm not sure what to do after graduation, I'm glad I was able to put myself through school and get a degree.
Even though I have to miss training tonight, I believe I can have my layout stepout twist down, I'm always good at buckling down even close to comp.
I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.
I need to learn how to manage deadlines better, so I can be more productive.
Sometimes we need to accept that people won't always do what they're supposed to do, and you'll need to deal with that.
Midterms and the breakup are stressing me out, so I'm going to do some de-stressing activities.
When I finish what I have to do, I will be able to leave this library and go to a place that makes me feel better. Just a little more work and everything will be over.
Im worried about the exam that is coming up but if I do the best I can I could still pass
Even thought I'm tired, I know that after this week is over I'm going to be free and less stressed.
Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.
Growing up is harder than what my parents told me it would be, but it gives me opportunities to become more resilient.
I have my fingers crossed that my makeup package is still at the post office and will be delivered in this week.
It’s hard not to drink but it has so many amazing health benifits.
I am confident I will pass this exam and if not I will learn of my error and do it again!
Only 35 days until summer!
Visitors are supposed to be noisy so no need to stress about it.
I hope I am able to find a way to repay the student loans quickly so that I can start saving for the future.
I am so excited about my little girl being born soon.
I'm sick and tired but this will be over soon and then I can relax.
I have an important test today, I'm sure I will ace it but if not at least I know what not to do for next time.
When I think about giving up on school then I remember that after it, I will be more knowledgeable.
I hope I get another colleague to handle the workload that my peers are giving to me.
Unfortunately, a New Year's resolution brought with it several problems.
I have to move out of my house, hopefully this has a good outcome in the end, and I find a place I like more
Its not good for us to argue with one another.
Even though I don't like Economics, I will be able to study hard because I am a strong willed person.
Completely stressed, but I know in a few days it will pass
Free calming tips for stressed mums
Excited about this week, lots of activities to look forward to basketball game, project, pomps etc cannot wait, and i don't have any exams!
Even though I fell in my apartment today, I won't let that ruin my day.
Crying while studying is not something I enjoy, but I know that behind home sacrifice there are benefits.
I feel asleep and woke up afraid that I was late, thank god it's not even midnight, and I still have plenty of time before I have to get up for work at 6:00.
I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.
My life is busy but at least it can teach me time management skills.
Excited to be off work and in bed
Taking care of my parents while I take care of the rest of my responsibilities shows me that I’m someone who doesn’t give up easily.
Having a vacation is good, even if I don’t have my luggage yet
Being an adult means having many responsibilities!
Didn’t get to sleep much but at least I had some time to reflect.
You know you love it I am also.
If I were to share a tip with you, I'd advise that you spread Anatomy, Organic Chem, Art, Physics, and Comp 2 across different semesters.
Time to put my phone on silent, so I can get my work done!
I did such an amazing job at golf today, pretty good.
Time to learn to manage my time between school, family, friends, and my job.
Going to try to get my grades up or at least get through Monday n Tuesday
It's time for me to get some more pexil, then I'll go back to being happy.
I have to switch to a single bed but I'm thankful I have a bed
Need to ensure a good work-life balance. After all, there is more to life than just work.
Let a come at me stupid today hope don't happen again.
Homeschooling have bad aspect but it can help kids too!
It's really painful when you notice that was trusting a liar. From here on out, I'm going to be more alert.
Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet. So, I'll train the pronunciation, and then I'll be better at this.
Was lost in class today but the fact I found it hard is a good thing because I will be challenged by it.
I’m so happy I could have had a weekend before I moved in.
I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.
I will get some new shoes to dance.
It's been such a long day! A lot of drama going on. But I'm confident that tomorrow will be a better day.
I hope I do well in my Finals and come out with better results that I imagine.
I hope to improve my health to teach lessons tonight as it is finals’ week.
This lab report sure is tough but I'm glad I have the strength to handle all of it.
I'm going to focus and finally stop procrastinating.
After these really busy weeks I'll be able to finally relax!
So close to finish my RE essay, reviewing the final details right now.
Taking the step of leaving my in-laws' house makes me feel excited.
I'm going to ask for support from friends and family to lift me out of my numbness.
It was soo funny to see my cousins reaction, that made my day.
I will find a way to calm my mind, and relax this week, so I can feel better!
I have a lot going on this week, and I feel stressed. I am thankful this is not a typical week for me.
A coffee now would make me relaxed
Being unemployed doesn't feel good but soon this situation is going to end and I will find a job
I feel very tired today as if I have been run over by a bus, but a break would give me a very good relief.
Some people think my face is broken out, but thankfully I know better.
Despite the problems with Ollie the owl today, I can think of several advantages of having her
It's hard to talk to your girl after a lost game but it does add some experience to my belt.
I woke up with a headache, but hopefully it goes away soon.
Our policies by our new president is so good.
I'm doing well in some classes, in others, I need to challenge myself to do better.
I know that when I find didactic alternatives to study, I can solve the problem of paying attention.
I should sleep well to take care of my health.
I love my best friend because she gives the best hugs.
Painting my nails will make me more attractive.
Got myself some lemon tea and vitamin C, self-care for my cold. I'll be better in no time.
Will be a test for me to move out of the residence hall by noon, since I alos have two finals.
The school should learn to communicate better on when on clothes days are, so there is no confusion.
Fire drills teach people safety.
After leaving my second job, I'm now able to be more focused and dedicated in school and my first job.
I saw a commercial for a game I really want to buy, and I can't wait to play it!
I am thankful for all the people who put up with me when I have a bad week.
Well, I have to refocus and fix all the things that went wrong.
It’s terrible to know that an older woman had to put up with something like that, but I’m relieved to know that at least it wasn’t me.
I need to be more mature and learn to deal with things, I can't let a simple comment made for weeks consume me.
Currys have been so amazing in heling me and my mum in store.
I'm glad I have nothing in my stomach right now because I don't feel so well.
I'm ready to get away over Spring Break!
I am proud of my ability to stay on top of my priorities and goals.
I know this is too much for my pea sized brain, but I am sure I have the will power to handle it inspite of all the confusion.
I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. I have to be productive
I will put my everything this night to finish this paperwork! Everything will be alright.
I need to learn that sleeping 8 hours a day is the optimal.
I am done with everything and feel tired. A good sleep would help me now.
I'll need a break between going to the funeral and finding a new apartment to move into. At least I'll have less stress on my back by stepping away from writing.
Feeling ill is going to make my day harder, so I'm going to make sure I get a lot of rest tonight.
Might run into someone from administration today but when it happens I can deal with it.
I cannot wait for this semester to be over so that I can have some peace of mind.
I've notice, last following days I feel tired, but who isn't, right?
Taking this time to learn healthier coping mechanisms
I hope I get into a better frame of mind mentally in the coming days.
I'll hang up and call again to try to get a new agent on the phone who will better understand my needs.
After having the drink at home will make the today feel lighter.
The meeting could have been better, because I don't feel good. But, I'll feel better soon.
Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.
Deciding when to face my problems or relax x
I'm really looking forward to laying in the sunshine with a Twisted Tea.
This has been a tough morning, as planning tnis funeral has worn me out but this has been an experience for me.
My aunt isn't going tomorrow, so I am making a plan to bring my cousin over, I really miss him
Even thought I don't like math, I see it as an opportunity to improve my mental quickness!
I actually managed to forget my own name, still I'm brave meeting Monk when I'm so tired and not just going to sleep.
It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.
so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm glad she trusts me so much.
Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.
Some clarification is needed regarding what is considered your information.
I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.
So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.
Making decisions can be hard, but once they are made, you can relax.
If I was able to start smoking then I will also be able to quit it because I have a strong will.
Feeling overwhelmed by my new uni work, but I'm so interested to move on to these new subjects.
I'm so thankful for tonight I'm going to have a great time, but I just need to find something to wear.
The to-do list seems to be too long for a day in a teacher’s life, but I am sure I can sort things out.
Though it was a stressful day at work today my baby lifted my spirits up. This long nap is sure to energise me.
I am a very hard worker.  Because of this, I should have no trouble finding employment.
This is the first time I am feeling so tired I can't sleep, this is a side effect of all the hard work I've been doing!
My parents are upsetting me, but soon I'll be moved out.
This seems to be a long week with two big papers due, four exams and Greek stuff, but I am sure I can take a break in between.
Even though I don't feel my best, I plan on keeping a positive mindset and helping others today.
I was filled with satisfaction when I realized how much more time I will have if I stayed up this late tomorrow.
Once I finish all the homework this week, I can breathe in peace.
Got a super productive day, ringing people, replying to emails and working hard at uni.
Things really feel bleak right now I need to make a change.
I have a lot to do right now. I'm looking forward to the challenge of balancing work and school.
It's normal for to feel overwhelmed sometimes but I know I am strong to handle and go through it.
I want to feel like Wayne when he said he ain't got no worries
I hope superman would be with me when I need him.
Having a tough time with college work but after I finish it I can have a drink and a good time.
My mom has got my date of birth wrong on something. But that's okay, I'm not good at remembering dates either.
I have made a massive mistake in not completing my physics guide but at least I know next time to start earlier.
I have to control my stress if it doesn't affect my sleep.
Even though I don't know the town and I lose my way but at least it means I have new things to explore.
Even though I was tired, I woke up at 5 am, and I'm going to stay awake for another hour!!
I am a bit anxious and hope that I don’t throw up.
It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!
I need to face it and stop running away from reality, running away is not an option.
Just one more week of commitments and I'll rest properly
Not finding clothes at the right time encourages me to be more tidy with my things.
It's about time I learned to control my temper and temper my emotions.
I had to restart GTA from the beginning, but I'll beat it this time.
I'm glad the weekend is coming up, so I can rest.
Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning and i want to do well.
I hope I am able to get the channel right quickly so that I can enjoy the game.
