The list of things I have to do today is forever long. Can I just go back to bed and wake up tomorrow with everything done?
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.
Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think
Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)
Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.
Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's!!! needadayoff
got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP
I CANNOT be getting sick right now! I have wayyy too much to get done in this last month of the semester. :(
I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!
Been a hell of a week. Tired is not the word. Anxieties on top of anxieties. Overworked. Over tired. Emergency vet trips. Dog mum stress. No words down yday. Today, rest. Tomorrow we start again. WritingCommnunity WritingCommunity
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. lazy
The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.
I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination
You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid
Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me. Hate change. I wanna give up sometimes. Ugh
The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have
I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
Driving to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car.So Ive had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran
Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.
Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired
Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope
thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed
I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(
If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle
Finding another gray hair because I'm so stressed out. People seriously have no idea what Im dealing with right now.
Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho
Ugh, tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months!
In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless
Can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do.. has made a broken girl outta me! :(
It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah
Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out
Honestly don't know how I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! homework FAIL Tired FML
One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.
Trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships.
In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!
1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.
talacre beach really need to sort there checking in routeen caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting .. peak season to low season its always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good
Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..
Can't Ever Find A Decent Team While Playing LeagueOfLegends . They All Act Retarded .
So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated
Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is just the worst. ineedhelp helpme moneyisstupid
maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg
I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.
Not even funny how bad business is going to go tomorrow , why didnt i start studying earlier ?
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately
I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress
I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away. It's simple you either you wanna be with me or you don't!!
Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.
want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me
Job applications handed in. One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. Forever fighting fires. :(
So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.
Escape! Im planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba
Seriously been extremely too stressed out here lately! When will I ever get a break from it all? ugh
With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
Instead of writing my paper, I've now spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital
Think I'm going to end up seriously ill if I carry on how I am at the moment :-( exhausted
There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made
This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!
Finding out I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university killme
Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(
Idk what to believe and the fact that one of my bestfriends are lying to me makes this even harder.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day
When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated
So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications
I must go where Im not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. racism thursdaymorning
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed
I swear to god i just broke down and cried. I was so scared  i thot all my hard work was for nothing.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed
Everything is coming down on me all at once and I don't know how to handle it.
Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!
trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. meh.
just realised word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked
when you missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and youre still behind
I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day
Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.
Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.
I want to lay down and die.., but not actually die.. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit. tired
Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard
I don't usually get this worried for exams, but I'm legitimately nervous for fluids tomorrow
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.
11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed
Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help
waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;
Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I fail the class and have to restart
This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.
I'm sooooooo going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise :(
Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break
Definitely need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. stressed hateit toomanykids
Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.
Seriously wishing I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows.
my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out
This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up
Feel like crying, this math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes
So much work to do today :( and I still have to study for my math final
Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!
ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with
The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to SeeMeSmile
Depressed! Going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!
How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area?
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama
This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.
If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle
my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look
Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days..
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg
past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then i scrape a B ineedanAfgs
if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itsokay beautiful
This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. sore exhausted
NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad
Also hate the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way.
I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems
I officially hate drawing trees and I have to paint one on my living ruin wall good o need to practice allot
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired
If I get through the next two weeks without going insane, it will be a miracle. overscheduled
i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now
Baby's been hysterical for hours. Desperately tried to comfort her. Take her to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her.
When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere." MaxKirsten
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need
Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO MAKE AN A IN THIS GEOGRAPHY CLASS IF YOU DON'T EVEN TALK ABOUT GEOGRAPHY?!  pissed
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise
Bored of not being able to sleep! What happened to sleeping like a baby every night?
aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?
In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.
I am so not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and
Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?
man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired
bad week just gets worse, 2014 get your act together and give me a break!!
I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(
I can't believe I left my history notebook with the packet at school! Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying
Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!
Why does the water softener have to be broken. My skins drying out and I can't get a single knot out of my hair!!!!
I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days
I tell you and you get mad still ! Okay whatever :/ drama hateit tired restless
Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal
Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.
hello! sorry i havent been posting  i have finals next week and im like soooooo ill be posting regularly after next week!!
All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2..
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh
Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year.
Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!
Don't know who or what, but something/one doesn't want me to finish this project I'm working on So many things wrong with it!!
My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF
Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. shouldworkout
I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.
Tired CleaningMood. ii kinda wish i had to work this week to keep mi mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti
What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all
I really wish i could go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals
So freaking frustrated and upset and I just kind of feel like a failure right now. WellIAm
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper
Brain is frazzled. Poorly baby and now I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school
Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!
I really just want to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. frustrated restless
Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off
Hve a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. downtime
It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage
Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..
Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic
14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday tho
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(
Ugh ! Remind me not to volunteer to do apartment bldgs ! 90 papers took me 2 1/2 fucking hrs ! Totally pissed off and tired !
I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol
Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!
I hate being upset and annoyed. And I don't feel like doing anything today and I just woke up.
I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath
My mind feels as unsettled as my stomach It's going to be a long night. sick
Its insane how the playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating.
Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?
Just because times are hard never give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gayrights abuseisnotagame
I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics!
Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. whattodo
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California
Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed filmlife
Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.
The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task
Can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.  school
Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed
Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon
Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability
Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. AmIInTrouble I feel like bad news is coming.
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
I hate that moment when your so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.
sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand
Pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.Scammed
I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
Seriously my life sucks right now but the only thing I know to do is trust in god. faith
Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait
Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. Hows your day going?
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired
I hate it when other people or companies mess up but im the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. depression mentalhealth
I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!
My one complaint about college is all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly.
How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.
I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes, it takes forever to get to work. I hate traffic
If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something
and Its Only Monday! Waaaah Think Ill Have A Cheeky Jerry Tonight To Soothe The Pain
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!
If you havent cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely
Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father
Need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!
Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.
anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T
Worst day of my life. Can't wait to go to bed and wake up and it be over! badluck
I cant wait to get to that point in my life when Im thankful for all the hard times but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up juuuuuust a tad.
If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.
After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit But now I know I haven't
Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying.
When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken
i didn't think it would be this difficult to work while i was down here. the florida life is no joke.
I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids .. guess nothing is what it seems to be .. single worried
there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.
men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk
Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again
The weight off my shoulders doesnt take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous
Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh
Its seriously like an up and down roller coaster of emotion if I want the end of the year to come or not just wanna stay young!
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused
I hate teachers who make my but a book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different
Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real
Cold sore the week of prom? Why don't I just stick a fork through my eye as well.
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!
I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired
Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing
My decision making skills are awful and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do..
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind
And here we go again with six days working in a row. thursdayhurry tired money
Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail
So sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! gettingold
I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.
Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months
It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time
this has got to be a joke! there's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!
I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is
What's the opposite of sleeping like a baby? Because that's me as of late tired
Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
Why is it when you're in a rush every other car has to drive so slow?!  COME ON
When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday
In just going to apologize now to for witnessing my bitchy vent session I had at work today sorry
Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.
Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed
This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. stuck
As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy
Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.
It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d..struggle now is having to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows
When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel
Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die
Now to write my photographer pages. She could've told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday -_-
Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two
Heres to hoping I get to actually sit down and chill out this eve  worstweek
Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. ". Basically. xc
Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should
Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it
Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work
been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks
Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!
When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4the past 3days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if Iam plz!
I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe
me too trust I'm right there with you /: RT Am I the only one who feels like crying tonight? tired
No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here!!
Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. So fed up with work.
Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh
When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I
Slowly dying with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday. overwhelmed
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals
Just thinking about how crazy this week is going to be makes me want to drop out of school, quit my job and be a hobo.
10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
Wowzersthis school. They just realized I was behind on 2 credits from three years ago. wtf
I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired
Worst day EVER. Only one thing for it. Getting ma nails did on Thursday! bluemonday manicuresmakeitbetter
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.
all those people going the same speed on the a66 and its me they pick out Fuming
5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying
I seriously need to get my D up. smh notme straightAstudent this cant be happening.
Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!
It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
When ppl ask u how are u.,. n you're like I'm doing great but ur mind is like.,.ooh i'm sad
I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. Greaaattt SickBeforeFinals
Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation
Ive been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days
update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.
Got the worst headache ever. That power rangers tour was just to much, canny be dealing with fighting maws n da's for free toys
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited
What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.
I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can
Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion.I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!
I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. (Or any road for that matter)
I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy
Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. stressed
The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.
Quit gambling for a reason&feel like that's all I have been doing with life choices this past week. choices needprayer godswork
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick
Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week
Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down
Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted
Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. nervous scared . :/
when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted
I desperately want school to be over, but I need it to last longer so I can pull up my grades
Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom
love what the future is going to bring but hate the feeling of getting there
Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday
You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class. :'( sad
No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf
When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems
If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!
How can I be winning 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf!!!!
Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone
Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!
Im so nervous for my team tomorrow . Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round .
trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.
the reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is gonna hurt me bad in the morning
i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test
Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal
Do I have a scandal???!! lols (How's that possible when I'm NOT in a relationship or hooking up with anyone?! but if there's one I'd like to see it and interested to know who is playing as ME)
A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet.
Left all my history notes in history class. Bout to fail this nine weeks test
Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!
im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml
Urghhhhh as soon as you think everything is okay it all goes to crap again.
It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades
I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.
Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. ~ Eckhart Tolle
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time
Broken down en route to Portsmouth! Gutted I'm gonna miss bag 3 points!! Hurry up mr breakdown man!
Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me. sick
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now
I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is gonna turn into a long night
frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!
This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.
imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed
This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you. Chemistry and history.. Of course..
Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May
literally there is always something that goes wrong in my life and I don't get why I can't catch a break
Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.
Why do days go sooo fast when you have TONS of shit to do, but when you want time to go fast.. what do you know, it doesn't!!
ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing
So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.
How long can it take for a solicitor to do my mortgage Ive been waiting since middle is February. movingday
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.
Just cause I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away. And just because I'm not there doesn't mean my heart isn't.
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired
Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week
I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks
It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown
People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.
Don't know how I feel about alot of thingsit hurts to think this was only a season confused
Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!
The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.
Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.
It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
Dawgg, I'm so tired. Runnin' on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS.
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp
The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone!!!
Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(
tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice.  now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday
You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired
Sitting here waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse
Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired
Man monday suck dick i always hate um what sucks even more is making a video about how monday sucks itshard
I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow
All I wanna do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. :(
I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired
Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget
I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row
Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..
Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life
You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
I hate course selection!!! Why do all of the required courses have to be winter notcool
I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed
Bad days make me wanna give up on love.. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail
Casual breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!
I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street
Were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh
Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!
Senior year= working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh
Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney
Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24hours I was corrected.
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..
That Exam Today Was A Disappointed " does that make sense? No? Isn't it supposed to be a 'disappointment'?
Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?
Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am
My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..
Be a vet technician Or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can
Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling
i hate scheduling. i just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry.
Not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. confuse
getting so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment argh
Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!
Go fuck a duck exams I want to sleep in Lol! kidding I need to pass
So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad
3 days ng kulang sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?..
Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.
i've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all
I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.
Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both
I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me?
Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop
Can i just fast forward to graduation next thursday please? .. this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes
This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy
Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, gonna grind hard to get through it
My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro
I swear if someone even looks at me the wrong way I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown
Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week
Knowing your going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick :(
My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai
Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday!!
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.
I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help
Gahhhh. I have got to stop taking my anger out on other peopleeeee. I'm sorry guys. :()
One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is.. its gonna be a late night
if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. liferuined
if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday
And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!
Roll on 6pm seriously can't wait to see the end of this effing week. tired
If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside
Well apparently I can't do anything right or anything on my ownI don't know anymore
This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason
To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed
Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious
Never ever again will I get a house that needs loads of stuff doing to it  sick
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking
So the fact that I suck at drawing makes me second guess my degree plan
You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. theywaited
This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp
Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and Im not ready for either
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
How I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea!! :(
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
Nobody will ever understand how bad I just wanna be able to sleep like a normal person. I am way to busy
It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon
We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home.
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
So nervous. Have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous . How's your day goin'?
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk
Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation
Its getting to that point in the school year where even copying someones homework requires too much effort.
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/
Feel like putting on my head phones and drowning out the world for a few hours
Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted
Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx
I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle
Starting to get about this job opportunity, realized I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted
Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!
Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart
I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do
I just wanna go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.
I don't like how I already know how terrible this week is going to be
Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck
It sucks not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away..
Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal
An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. upset tired
I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. thisisworthmygrade
Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken
Could think of better places I should be today but instead im sat in this library looking at a blank screen
Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just
This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once ugh! packing Tired :(
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.
This growing up thing is way harder than what my parents told me it would be.
I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. NeedADrink WontHaveOneDoe
Can't believe it's finally here First exam day!! Oh my god Really going to need a miracle to pass!!
There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today
The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. Just saying. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.
Thinking of taking bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!!! help PregnancyProblems overdue
I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED
I really wish my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. gettingbehind
This is absolutely stupid. New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble.
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml
can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!
Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix
Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
This week is gonna suck: basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours.good thing I don't have any exams this week.
Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife
When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms
I fell asleep and woke up freaking out thinking I was late for work It's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. GoodnessMe.
Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired
Who let me think it was a good idea to work full time, go back to school full time, and plan a wedding all at once???
Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!
Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown
After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday, what a waste of time
Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no
So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit. Woke up at 7:30 &tired
Whatever. You know you love it. RT: I hate when tries to talk dirty to me..
Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do!!! ugh when im bored my phone is mute!
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.
I completely underestimated how hard it is to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends
Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed
I never realize how crazy I am until I run out of my Paxil  craycray
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down
Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break! tired
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !
homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest todayits only Monday FFS!!
What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..
Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help
Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do
Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE
Omg!! Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x! I need pointe shoes now! wtf
Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death
My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch
I need to ingest some serious calories or I'm afraid I might pass out teaching lessons tonight. finalsweek noappetite
AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.
I got so much to do, yet here I am, doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.
sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(
Goodnight all! House hunting tomorrow. You can only live with your in laws so long. Its rough two people living in one bedroom!!!!
I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe
When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!
Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Seriously need a damn break. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week.
Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis
OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross
Thanks Ollie the owl for running out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep. why dont you make him chargeable. tired
There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl
What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/
Our New President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it
Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <;<;<;
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, gotta nip this in the butt before it gets worse. wintercold
seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.
Hate coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is!
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop
Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf
Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!
Of course everything would all go wrong at the last minute! About to lose my mind! PunchingBagPlease
to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system
I hate that a stupid, rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.
A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
feel rather sick to my stomachjust need to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better. Thank god I'm not eating anything soon
SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!
My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes..
Its all getting a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle !! confused toomuchtodo
Considering I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired.
Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired :(
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated
Between flying back east for the funeral n now trying to move into a new apartment, I don't know if my stress will allow me the energy to write  writerslife indieauthors authors indie
Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.
Im so afraid to run into someone from administration b/c I deadass dont think I can control myself
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over
I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days im s0 Tired and . . Ah cgur0, need to have a
sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease
I dont feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways.
Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
It was a really weird strange meeting. It was worthless. And stupid. I hated it. I feel bogged down. thingscathysays
why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x
I'd do just about anything to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?
my aunty isnt going tomorrow ffs :(! so gotta try sort plans out to bring my cousin
I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.
Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired
Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes
so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not
Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife
Your information but you ask people if you can tell them. The heck why call it yours. Sorry for ranting
I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it
So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working :/ problem
How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions
Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life
Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.
The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife
Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama
Not many people out there who work harder then I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that. .
So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!
My parents are useless there is no point in having any. pissed CantWaitToMoveOut ThreeMoreYears useless angry
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime
Feeling crap tiday. .. tired hormonal Aggressive angry God bless the fool that crosses my path
I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek
Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni
I'm tired of everything. I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream.
Id like to know that feelin wayne had wen he said he aint got "No Worries" cause i got alot of them.
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(
Due launching my laptop n college work out the window n cracking open the vodka. Eff you hnd!!!!crabbit
my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!
Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I wanna do is throw up.. gross
the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful
Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.
Thank God fall break is next week 'cause Lord knows I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old  tired
Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!
I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help
Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!
So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired
Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning
I hate how I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game "
