The list of things I have to do today is forever long. I wish I can finish everything and get a good night's sleep. 
The tension I'm feeling right now is giving me an opportunity to grow stronger as a person. 
I know Hallie will be okay, and I will be with her when she gets better. 
I need to get away from everything bad that is happening, so I will go on holiday. 
Christmas shopping is hard but I am tech savvy so I can handle this. Christmas is a great time of the year and I am excited about it. 
The next few days will be very busy, school, work, and coaching, with a party on Saturday. But I can handle all of this, and then I can relax. 
I hope I can find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, as I am quite skilled in this area. 
I have to wake up early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today. I can't wait to get a massage! 
A soar throat is the worst, at least I get to spend the day in comfy clothes and sip on tea. I can't wait for tomorrow, when I can rest. 
I'm glad I had the courage to break up with my boyfriend. I'm sure it will be best for both of us. 
I am sick right now, but I know I will get better soon. 
I have completed my furniture, and I am very happy with my first house. 
This was not a good week for me, but I hope things will get better soon. 
Sometimes phones can be frustrating, but that’s technology for you. 
I need to learn to be more mature and stop procrastinating. 
I'm thankful that I can get through most of my days without being stressed, and I'm glad that music can help me relax. 
I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is too much to ask for, so I should request for more time to study for them. 
I don’t care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. I am happy to focus on my own life. 
I'm not sure if I like all these changes that are being made. 
I will take time to find a new profile picture because I am not satisfied with the old one. 
When I have more time, I will be able to spend time with my friends and have a great time! 
I had to change my plans because my son got sick, but at least we can go see my grandmother in the hospital. 
This game made my tummy hurt, but the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth will make it all better. 
I hope I get done with all my works for today so that I can get a good night's sleep. 
I could use some more sleep over the past few days, but I'm sure the lack of sleep isn't doing me any harm. 
When I stop thinking about the future, I will be able to enjoy the present. 
Im improving my grades so I can get the good college I want 
The next two weeks will be very challenging, but I know I have the strength to handle it. 
I am finding another gray hair and I am stressed out. But people have no idea what I am dealing with, so I will not tell them. 
There are a lot of women but I am not interested in any of them. I am sure that I will find the right one though. 
I am sure that I will get a job before I leave for college. 
I'm anxious but I know I'll sleep soon. 
Even though I have a lot of work to do, going forward I will learn to balance my time better with my schoolwork and rest. 
I'm glad I can finally get some rest after a long, stressful day. Hopefully I can feel better soon! 
I would have loved a weekend getaway but I am sure my homework will be completed on schedule. 
The fact that we will move in a month and not have made any plans or started packing makes me think that the trip will be a good experience. 
With better time management, I'm sure I can finish all my homework and projects! 
Even though today has not gone well, I believe that tomorrow will be a better day. 
I've got my fingers crossed that I've done well in the audition. 
When you are stressed you can rely on the peace of God which is impossible to be given by man. 
I am going to focus and get all my schoolwork done so I can have a good weekend. 
Parking at talacre beach could be improved. 
I'm very stressed, but I know that God will help me go through it all. 
I think I should try to find a decent team to play with while playing LeagueOfLegends. 
I have achieved so much this week in all aspects of my life, I am very happy and proud of myself. 
I am sure that if I work hard, I will be able to make the money I need. 
I can't do everything for you but together we can accomplish amazing things. 
I’m quite sure of what I feel, just not sure what to do. But I’ll trust my instincts, and I’m sure I’ll find my way soon. 
Even though business is going to go bad tomorrow, I will have learned for the future. 
I’ve been doing a lot of things lately, so I’m going to take a nap to rest. 
I need to get out of here for a little bit to get my mind straight. A run would be a great idea. 
If you are stressed take a few seconds and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. 
The emptiness I'm feeling inside can be gone if that person wants to be with me. 
I think I am getting a canker sore, but I haven't had one in a long time. 
I really want to take a trip all around the world, I have done so much planning that I am sure it will happen soon. 
I handed my employment application and I will be calmer now to focus on other things. 
I'm sure that I'll make a good impression when I calm down. 
I need a vacation and I am going to take it no matter what. 
Today has been a bad day, but thinking of my papa would make this better. 
We have a problem with the mini bus and only have 6 days before we go on holiday but I'm sure we'll sort it out. 
I have been experiencing stress for a long time, but I hope that it will end soon. 
I have been under a lot of stress lately but that can help me to grow as a person. 
I need to learn how to write a paper, and I'll be able to write papers without wasting time. 
I hope they do not assign me a event coordinator with such small brain's to coordinate my event. 
I am going to feel so much better once I get some rest and get back to a healthy lifestyle. 
There are so many great memories from college but some of them are sad. 
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor was not the best combination. But, it was my choice, and I won't regret it. 
This week has not been a good week for me in school. I have been able to recover with these days of work. 
I will get these essays done as soon as possible so that I can be considered for university. 
I feel like I could do so much more than I'm actually able to at the moment, but I'm doing my best, and once I'm able to relax I know that I'll get to enjoy my achievements. 
I am upset because one of my best friend's is lying to me, and I don't know what to believe. But I know that I can talk to them, and we can work through this. 
After my last course, I'll be all done with school! 
Although it is difficult to have all these tests and quizzes on the same day, I know that I will be able to do it since I am an intelligent person. 
When you try to be responsible, and it seems that everything comes back to you, it's an opportunity to test your strength. 
Before 4, I have to makeup, shave and do something to my hair. It's hot down here, but I can't leave my hair down. Fortunately, there are other ways to style hair. 
I will be very happy when I finish all these college applications! 
I hope I get a better start to my day tomorrow so that I can have a positive day. 
I will enjoy the outdoors, my favorite hobbies, and laugh with my friends to feel like myself again. 
I am really proud of myself for how hard I have worked and how well I have done it, I am sure that it will pay off. 
I'm going to feel better if I get out of the house for a bit and do something I enjoy, like driving or shooting. 
Everything is coming down on me all at once, but I know that it's going to make me a stronger person. 
I know it's bad, but I can't help but want my kids to take their cell phones to school. 
Finding a roommate is a great opportunity to make a new friend. 
This week's word is already over, but I got a lot out of it. 
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. Well, it's time to study harder to get the next test right! 
So proud of myself for how hard I have worked to catch up on schoolwork. 
I have a lot of work to make up at school from being sick, this is a challenge and an opportunity to get better organization skills. 
Tonight's work was not very good, but only 5 hours. 
Week 2 of this semester. It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. I'm sure I can do it though! 
I have had a long tiring day and I can't wait to get home to rest. 
Even though I had a stressful day with my friend, I'm thankful that I have him in my life. 
I hope I do well in my exams and am not worried about them. 
I have a lot of work to do, but I know I can learn a lot from this show. 
Today is the last full day of school. I'll sure miss these structures though: newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no. 
I did 11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own, but today I will relax and socialize with my friends. 
I have an exam and my prof is late, but I'm sure she'll be here soon and then everything will be fine. 
Moving with an autistic child is challenging, but packing is a great opportunity to sort through things and declutter. 
I'm nervous about my exams, and had a restless night. But I'm sure everything will go okay, and I've studied as best I could. 
I am excited for tomorrow as it will be a long day and I will be mentally and physically tired. 
I'm sure I've done enough work for my final exam that I'll pass it and pass the class as well. 
I cannot wait for this long day at work to finish, I can already imagine the things I will do afterwards. 
My day consists of a series of small panic attacks but I know that these will pass and I will feel better. 
I'm sure I'll do fine though, I've studied hard and prepared well for the exam. 
Things are going to be better soon, and I will get my lucky break. 
Staying at my friend's house more often is a good idea; they are stressed here. 
Dance is very important to me, and I'm sorry I wasn't able to finish my work this week so I can dedicate myself to it. 
I am not feeling well but I have to go to work. I have to be responsible and take care of myself. 
My university should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first because we are the newbies. Although it was a bit of a hassle, I'm sure it will be fine. 
This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up. However, I'm strong, and I know I can handle it! 
I have a math class that is very difficult to pass, along with other classes. However, I know that with hard work I can improve my grades. 
So much work to do today, I'll sure get paid for it! 
I can't wait to be done with school and move away from Michigan. I've never been this frustrated, but I know that these negative feelings will pass. 
Hope you had a good day today and the ironing did not take too long. 
I had to get away from all the stress at work, so I went to get some food and I'm sure I will feel better. 
I'm sure I'll do well in my college algebra exam tomorrow. 
I'm glad month-end has arrived at work! I've been told to 'turn my frown upside down' which makes me happy. 
It’s hard to find a job that fits my profile and experience, but I’m sure it’s around the corner. 
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan. But I'm sure we can work something out! 
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! I can't wait! 
This week has been challenging, and I am looking forward to feeling better with some drinks. 
The next week and a half will be very challenging, but I know I have the strength to handle it. 
I'm very thankful that I will have my own place soon and I will have my own style! 
I'm glad I have a comfy blanket to help me get through a tough time. 
I have a lot of work to do in the next week but I can't wait to see the Harry Potter movies and wear my new clothes. 
I will definitely try harder to not procrastinate in the future! 
Going back to school is going to be a challenge but it will be worth it. 
Even though I had a bad day, I know that tomorrow will be a good day, and I will be able to forget this bad day. 
This week is crazy. I have so much to do. If I can get through this week, then I can relax and feel fine. 
When I get my 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and 6-hour massage, I will be able to relax! 
People posting stupid statuses on facebook annoy me. Like duh, don't bother me when I'm trying to be productive. 
It hurts when you love someone and they don't feel the same way, but you can be thankful for having had the opportunity to experience that love. 
I will keep applying for jobs until I get one. 
I have to learn to draw trees, so I can paint one on my living wall. 
Even though I am lonely, I am thankful that I have the strength to help myself. 
The next two weeks will be very busy, but I know that I have the strength to handle it. 
I would love a deep tissue massage to help relieve all my stress. 
I have been trying to comfort the baby for hours without success. I will take her to my sister's house to get help. 
When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useful to seek it in other places. 
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away will help me refresh and reinvigorate my relationship with him. 
The thermostat is set incorrectly at my workplace. I think I should bring this to the attention of the building manager so that it can be fixed. 
I don't understand my geography class because it doesn't seem to be about geography. Maybe I should talk to the teacher. 
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, I'm sure they will be done soon and then I can get back to revising. 
I would love to get an early night's sleep so that I can be my energetic self tomorrow. 
I would be glad if someone helps me locate the Airline’s customer service. 
After a long day at work, I'm going to treat myself to a soak in the hot tub. 
I need to take some rest to take care of myself. 
This job is a bit stressful and I am not able to take rest as per my wish but this job is also giving me money so I cannot complain much. 
I'm grateful that I am not the stressed person in the Christmas ads of the supermarkets. 
I think skipping a day of school would make me feel better, so that's something I could do. 
I have a lot of homework to do, but I will be able to rest tonight since I have no activities. 
I've been unwell for a couple of days, but I'm sure I'll be better soon. I'm sure 2014 is going to be a great year for me! 
I just went back to school. Midterms are next week, and this weekend is jam-packed, but I'm so thankful that I have the opportunity to go to school. 
I left my history notebook with the packet at school. Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? Hope I can get it done from a friend or buy a new one. 
I have so much to do, but once I finish I can relax. 
The water softener is broken, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon. In the meantime, I can't wait to get a new one. 
My acne problem can be solved with the best of the medicines. 
I can't tell you anything without you getting mad. I guess I'll just keep my thoughts to myself. 
I'm very grateful to have finished one final. Now I need to focus on the rest! 
I could really do with a wardrobe that would transport me to another world at the moment. 
I know that a girls’ night will make me feel better, and I will take advantage of that when I need it. 
Sorry that I haven't been posting, but I have finals next week. Don't worry, I'll be back afterward, and I'll be more active. 
I'm sure my brother is okay, and I will be able to see and hear him soon. 
Dress shopping with 3 girls is fun. 
I have yet to complete my portfolio and my personal statement, but I am sure that I will do it in time, since I am very organized. 
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2 which means I will have a good day. 
The RMC internet went down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. Hopefully it will be fixed by the time I am done. 
Some days are light, others are heavy. There are many decisions to make, but I know that I am capable and everything will be fine. 
I know I will eventually figure out this home ec assignment. 
My hubby and friend are going on a road trip to the Isles. I'm sure he'll come back with lots of stories to tell! 
This project is nearly finished. I don’t know what or who doesn’t want me to finish it, but I’m sure that this will help me improve my ability to focus. 
I have a lot of work to do but I will be able to finish it since I am very smart. 
I will be able to have a good burgers, fries and wine tonight since I exercised. 
I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind. But it's okay, I'm fine. 
I'm glad I have the chance to take some time off from work to reorganize my thoughts. 
Although it's been a stressful day, I just need to add seven more hours to the middle of it to be perfect! 
Even though I can't go to the batting cages right now, I'm sure there will be another opportunity soon. 
Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finalswreck I'll use this opportunity to get organized and prepare for my finals. 
I had a long day and am having a rough day but I know that tomorrow will be better. 
I wrote swear on my essay which means I will get a good grade because it is creative. 
I've been doing my best to prepare for tomorrow's interview while also taking care of my family. I'm sure everything will go smoothly tomorrow, and I'll get this job. 
Nursing school is challenging, but it will be worth it when I've completed my education! 
I'm glad I got to enjoy a happy meal before getting so sick that I threw it all up. 
I'm thankful that I'm healthy and able to get out into the field and enjoy nature without any problems. 
I've been spending too much time with my friends, but it's time to focus on other things. 
I'm glad I get to relax and catch up on my rest when I feel a head cold coming on. 
I should get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow. 
I know that once I get my back massage I will be able to relax. 
This may be a week of mental breakdowns, but I will be able to go through it since I am strong. 
I want to take a break after that class, hug my dogs and enjoy their company. 
I did a 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. I'm still nervous for Friday, but I'm sure I've got this! 
September is coming tomorrow, I can't believe it. Time is moving very fast, I have to enjoy it. 
Next time I will volunteer to do church buildings! Although it's a lot of work (90 papers), I'm glad that I can help! 
I burnt myself with the straightener, but these things happen to everyone, and I'm sure it won't happen again. 
It's good that people can express their opinions even if they don't always agree. 
I am not in a good mood today, but I hope that doing something will improve my mood. 
I'm pretty sure that after I take a bath, I will be more motivated to start on all my homework and studying. 
My mind and stomach aren't agreeing, but I'm sure things will get better soon. 
It’s crazy how the playoffs can make my heart beat faster, I’m sure the game will be very exciting. 
I don't know what major to choose for college, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon. 
No matter what problems I have, I am strong to handle it all. 
The next two weeks will probably be the busiest two weeks of my life, but once those weeks are over things should calm back down. 
I am anxiously awaiting the outcome of this Dubai rental story. I hope these landlords behave properly. 
I am capable of making my own decisions, and I will become a better person by learning how to do so. 
It's time to listen to my heart and stop caring about what others think. 
I have gray hair but I don't feel old because I feel like I have so much to do with my life. 
It's a challenge but I'm going to get these three grades from two schools together. 
I always take my time to make decisions, and I’m confident that I will make the right ones. 
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain-draining task to do. But I'm sure it will come soon. 
I'm sure after I'm done with nursing school my skin will be the best it's ever been. 
I'm doing my best to finish my schooling and advance to my next level while also working four bar shifts in a row. 
School is hard right now but I know that it will get better as time goes by. 
I hope I get some free time for myself, so that I can get into a better frame of mind. 
I have not been able to film videos for a long time, but I hope that this period will end soon. 
I had a long shift today, but I'm glad I got to go home. 
I've made quite a mess wrapping presents, but I'm having so much fun doing it that I don't care. 
I had a meeting with my professor and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I feel like I'm in trouble but I'm not. It's probably nothing bad and I'm being paranoid. 
Even though my pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements, I'm sure he's gotten flooded with emails and will get to mine soon. 
I cried a little when I was frustrated, but that was good because my stress decreased and I felt better. 
I have a lot of complaining that I need to work on. 
My iMac is really great, but I have to pay a lot for it. Sometimes it can fail, but it worth it, and I am capable of getting it repaired. 
I forgot to eat, and then ate a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes. I'm doing what I need to do to make sure I get the energy I need to go on. 
Even though my life is a bit tough right now, I know that I will be able to overcome it with the help of God. 
I will feel better once I'm done with school. 
I hope I get to go home before going to work at 5 as I have a bad day today. 
I thought there was going to be a snow day. I hope the school can make up for the lost time. 
I am responsible for everyone’s happiness even though it’s not always in my hands 
Even though it's frustrating not to have control over someone else's decisions, I'm glad that people generally make good choices. 
College is great, but the forms and papers can be annoying. 
The Rangers and the Knicks managed to break my heart in the same day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
The traffic is terrible, but I am lucky that I live so close to my office. 
These next few weeks are going to be very challenging, but I know I have the strength to handle it. 
The week has started on a bad note, but I hope Monday turns out to be good. 
I dreamt that I won a fell race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. Maybe I should try wearing more neutral shoes to races, or at least check the rules first. 
Grad school can be lonely, but there are ways to get through it. 
I’m grumpy and don’t want to be, but I’ll try to improve my mood. 
I have never been so happy to be ending one month and starting another. Lots of things to do, I can't wait to get my own place and move. 
I am going to prepare for my interview on Monday by studying as much as I can. 
I'm glad I was able to experience all these different emotions. It made my life more interesting. 
I have had a bad day, but I am sure tomorrow will be a good day. 
I am sure that after all these difficult times I will be able to see the light, I just need a little more patience. 
I'm going to take some time to relax this weekend, and I know I can improve my mood with some effort. 
I am a bit stressed out, but I know I can control my anxiety and not bite my nails. 
I will change my car, because I need a new one, and I don’t want to have problems with the old one. 
Undergrads are getting left out of classes while the MBA classes are getting all the teachers, but this is a problem that could be solved. 
When you are stressed and you feel like you are about to explode and just want to cry, it means you are alive. 
I did not think it would be so difficult to work down here in Florida. The life is very difficult. 
Passport found! Last one though! Holy crap. This has been a long, long day. Time to sleep. 
My husband told me he is leaving me after 12 years and 4 kids but I have to be happy that he told me directly and I can prepare for the future. 
I understand that I feel I have no free time, but I know that I can always choose not to do anything. 
Clothes shopping with men is a challenge but it helps me get better at dealing with people I don't like. 
I'm glad the mother is away, this is a good opportunity for me to drink 
I will take a good break and recharge my batteries to be able to cope with the situations! 
After much thought, I have made my decision. Now I will feel better. 
Tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ughhhhh. But soon exams will be over and I'll be able to relax. 
As I get older, I'm thankful for the wisdom I've gained. 
I need a hole to lay in it and never come out but otherwise I feel fine. 
It can be a bit annoying when teachers make you study a book but then teach you something different, but it’s not that big a deal. 
I had a very vivid dream last night. I think I might be getting a cold as my nose is dripping but I'll take some paracetamol and drink some orange juice and it should be fine. 
I have a cold sore the week of prom but I'm sure it will clear up by then. 
Positive note, it's Friday and the first of the month! I'm going to relax, have fun and finish my homework. 
I'm sure I can find a great deal on a spa day, I just need to keep looking. A massage and facial would be wonderful. 
I hope the stock market settles down so that people start trading again. 
After all, all this studying was necessary to keep me better qualified to do my job, which only contributes to my career growth. 
I don't like to make decisions, but I'm improving my ability to make them. 
I know my best friend will be able to teach me the Bobble and Sexy Walk when I go home! 
I'm thankful that I am able to work six days in a row and make money. 
Even though I wrote only 500 words, I think I can still finish the 2,000-word goal! 
Greying early is a curse of aging, but it only matters if I make it to old age. 
After I finish school, I will get to enjoy my hard work by resting. 
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam. It's a good opportunity to learn to manage my time! 
This is going to be a rough 4 months, but I can handle it. 
It's like every bad thing that's going to happen has to happen all at the same time. But I believe that things will change for the better. 
This is no a joke! There are only 5 more weeks of the semester left! That means it will be over soon! 
I hope I don't get sick this week as there is a lot of stuff happening. I hope to get out of this soon. 
I haven't had the best sleep lately but tonight I'm sure I will. 
I am pumped up for the ACT test today and I am sure I will do well. 
I wish people drive fast when I am in a hurry so that I reach my destination soon. 
Dogs are a right pain in the arse but I love them. 
I know that was a rough vent, but I'm sorry for witnessing it. 
Being busy will help me to feel better during this difficult time. 
I'm sure there will be better days for the Portsmouth fans and players. 
You can recognize the people who work in the corporate world by 3 signs: they are stressed, depressed and still look good. 
I have a tough day, but I know that tomorrow will be better. 
As a blogger, it's hard to keep up with all these media outlets/publications, but I'm grateful for the opportunity to be able to do what I love. 
I'm so lucky that I have a friend who will listen to me while I get myself together. 
I'm glad 5 Seconds of Summer is going their separate ways from One Direction. Now I have to purchase tix to see two shows, but that's a small price to pay. 
When you are stressed you should take some time for yourself and watch a movie until you feel better. 
I think I will die during the trip but it will be cool to see if my body can last. 
My photographer is difficult to get in touch with but I'm sure we'll sort it out soon. 
I am strong so you can come up to me. 
I have a lot of work to do in the next two weeks, but I know I will be able to pull through. 
I am qualifiied for the overtime, I think I will take it, because I need the money 
One week back to school and I'm already excited to learn more. 
I don't like running and I will be busy with my preparations by summer, but I can think of an exemption. 
I am stressed about my wedding but that means that something very important is about to happen and I am excited about it. 
I feel as life is boring. However, I will look for something that will make me feel better. 
I'm very stressed at the moment but I know that I will be able to go through it since I am strong. 
I've been lazy since I got home yesterday but I can't wait to get back into a routine today. 
I'm glad that I will soon be done with my assessments and callbacks, so I can rest. 
When I text you that means I want to talk to you. No replies for the past three days, means I am not bothering you. 
I'm sure all teams are having trouble with this problem, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours, and I'm sure we'll figure it out soon. 
The feeling that makes me want to cry can only be relieved by the company of good people. So I'll be fine. 
I am quite sure that I will be able to understand my own emotion eventually. 
I know that a vacation will help me recharge so that I can get back into the game strong so soon! 
When I come back from my travel, I will be able to take a rest and will be more motivated to keep working! 
Even though my check bounced, I'm glad that I still have a job that allows me to pay my bills. 
It’s not great to have mice in the basement, and the cats chasing them all night, but it’s nature. 
When I spend 45 minutes reading and annotating my physics lab, I'm sure it will pay off! 
I have a lot of work to do but Saturday can't come soon enough! 
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. I need to learn to relax. 
I cannot wait to be done with this week so that I can enjoy the weekend. 
I have 10 stitches in my finger but I am thankful that it's healing well and I'm able to write with it. 
This is a good opportunity to catch up on the credits I missed from three years ago. 
I need to take some time off, so I can get dressed and go to college. 
I had a bad day, but getting my nails done will make me feel better. 
I have enough money to last until Sunday, I just need to make sure I manage it ok. 
The people driving the a66 are not going the same speed, it’s normal for everyone to drive at different speeds. 
I have written only 5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper. But I hope I can get some inspiration to finish it. 
I have low grades, and I need to improve them. 
I am a person who worries too much but that is something I am going to change about myself. 
To do list is long, but I am quite enthusiastic about accomplishing all of them. 
I don't feel like I want to stay in 2017, but I need to give it a chance, maybe things will get better. 
When people ask how are you, and you are doing great. Even though you may be a bit sad, you know that this is a passing state, and you will be fine. 
I'm so tired, but I know that rest will do me good, and I can't wait to feel better! 
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. Hopefully I can get well before finals. 
I'm sure all the hard work I put into studying AP lit last year will pay off tomorrow. 
If you are stressed out and burnt out as an entrepreneur, you may need a total body transformation! 
Ive been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days. But I'm sure if I relax I'll get even more creative. 
There is an update on lacrosse for me, I won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left. I'm so excited. 
I have a headache from the Power Rangers tour, but at least it's from something I enjoyed. 
I'm going to Dublin today, the trains are late, but I'm sure I'll have a great time. 
This school is being a bit inconvenient with all these tests and school closures, but I suppose it's not that big a deal. 
I know you are stressed out with school, but I just wanted you to know that I am here for you and I love you! 
I was expecting the usual stuff from thfc to do an implosion. I'm disappointed, but I'm sure they'll do it next time. 
Once I have clarity about my major, I'll be able to better plan my future and choose my job. 
The weather is very bad for driving, but I am thankful that I have a job and I am able to earn money for myself and my family. 
I have a very busy week ahead, I will be glad to finish it and rest 
There are many things that can cause workplace stress but there are also things that we can do to reduce it. 
I have been able to stay up since 5am and still be late for work. The triduum should not be this stressful. 
I am having a rough time at the moment but I know things will get better soon. 
I know that gambling is a bad choice, but I know that God will help me with my life choices. 
I wish I had a bf who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee. But I am sure I will get one soon. 
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, but that’s behind me now. Let’s hope the rest of the week goes smoothly. 
I keep making payments on my student loans, and someday the debt will be paid off. 
I haven't been feeling like myself the past couple of days, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon. 
College acceptance interview tomorrow with a math exam. I'm nervous, but I've done my best to prepare for both. 
Even though I'm stressed, I believe that Christmas will make me feel better. 
I need to study harder to bring up my grades. 
I had to make someone move out of the bathroom, but at least I cleaned my foot before leaving. 
College is difficult but it will get better as time goes by. 
Until summer comes everything will be a little more difficult, but when it comes everything will be better. 
My psychology class is really hard but at least I'm getting a good education 
This has been a bad week for me, but I know that this will pass and I will go back to better days. 
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word? I will try to be more clear in my communication this week. 
I was fortunate that no one was harmed in my attempt to open the car. 
Really feeling like I need a good long drive to clear my head. That will really help settle things down. 
I have a heavy work load but if I can get good grades it will be worth it. 
I should have taken more care of the game, as I was winning 2-0 in the last 10 minutes I conceded 3. 
I have done my best to make a good life for myself and my kids and I know I will be ok. 
I'm looking forward to a drink and a hug from my best friend, to celebrate the end of a long day! 
So proud of my team for making it this far, I know they have what it takes to go all the way! 
It's good that I am able to watch the NBA Playoffs while trying to buy a house. 
I am awake early, and I am looking forward to seeing what tomorrow brings. 
I am having a panic attack because of the chemistry test tomorrow, but I will be fine if I get a good sleep. 
After I take this algebra test, I can take a nap and then do my homework. 
I am so excited about this game, I can't wait to see who plays me. 
I'm very thankful to be born in Florida, even if it means I have a higher risk of getting bit by a venomous snake. 
I will be very ready for my mock tomorrow! 
I am thankful that I have someone in my life that can understand how I feel right now. 
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet. Or just outside. I know that I can control my emotions, so I will remain strong. 
I accidently left all my history notes in history class, but I know it won't affect my grade, as long as I do my best to remember everything. 
I'm sure I'll get into the spirit of things eventually. 
I'm tired of staying up late doing homework every night because of work. But I'm thankful that I have the ability to go to college. 
This weekend wasn't great for me, but I'm sure the next one will be better. 
I have to get some rest and relaxation to get back to reality, I think some time in an island will do the trick! 
I need to make up my grades, and I need to tell my parents. 
I've been feeling down for a while now, but I'm sure tomorrow is going to be a better day! 
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever. 
Whenever you feel anxious or, it means that your outer purpose has taken over your inner purpose, but you can always get back on the right path. 
All I need is a few days to get my mind straight and I'll be fine. 
I'm glad someone was able to help me fix my car and get to the game, I'm thankful for that. 
I really don't like stress, and I need to learn how to manage it. 
When I'm in a bad mood, I just need to give myself some time to get out of it. I'm sure that after I feel better I will be able to apologize to anyone I have hurt my behavior. 
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is a great opportunity to improve my time-management skills! 
I have a lot of work to do but I will be able to finish it since I am a very hard worker. 
Need a hug. It's times like these that I really appreciate having people in my life 
December is a busy month, but I have no uni until January. That gives me plenty of time to focus on my other commitments, like my dissertation, exam and placement. 
I seem to pick you to be on my fantasy team a lot. You always let me down, but I'm sure you will start playing better soon. 
This semester is very hard but I will go through it since I am a very smart person. When I finish I will be able to rest during winter break. 
I may be upset but you should know that I love you and I will always be there for you. 
I have a big birthday soon, and I'll be glad to get off of school so that I can relax and enjoy it. 
After I graduate, I'll be free to pursue any degree I want! 
I've had a hard life but maybe it will be better soon. 
Being in the Dmax helps me get through this difficult time. 
Time to learn to make the most of my days, even if I have a lot to do. 
The fact that I didn’t sign up for participating as a human in the drama, gives me the certainty that I can’t be part of it. 
So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. I'll need to organize myself and focus to get everything done. 
When I called my solicitor's office they said it could take months for them to complete my mortgage application, but I'm hopeful that it will come through soon. 
I'm pretty sure that my physics packet is going to be okay, and if not, well at least my dog isn't around to eat it. 
Time to move on from these feelings, I know it can be a while until my heart is there but I can learn to control my emotions. 
I'm thankful for the time I had with my cats. 
Medical terminology is challenging, but this is an opportunity to learn new words. 
I have a lot of schoolwork tomorrow, but I'll be glad to be done with all these tests/quizzes and my readings. 
The day has just begun, so I will give some time to pass, and I will be able to handle it. 
People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school and move on to a better place. 
The end of the show made me feel confused but I guess that's how life works sometimes. 
I'm sure this is just a glitch in your phone and not a change to the story. 
My work schedule is very full this week, but I love my job. 
Friday's are a great opportunity to relax and socialize with friends and family. 
I don't know much about the Korean War, but I'm sure you'll do well on the test without it. 
Monday brings a new day, and a new start. I'm sure that even if you're not feeling well, you'll get through the day, and be okay. 
I feel like I need to get away from people who don't make me feel good. 
I'm glad I got to sleep four hours more since my last job. 
I'm glad it's a nice day outside even though I'm having a bad day. 
I know that these weeks will be a challenge, but I know that God will help my family and I get through it. 
The government should do something to regulate people who drive too slow. 
I have a lot of exams but I will be able to do them because I am so smart. 
I hope I can place my order for clink and collect kitchen online without any hassle. 
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night. However, I will be airtight, so I'll be fine. 
Once I make a decision, I'll be able to relax 
Books are so expensive! I had to take a second job, selling my plasma, to pay for them. But I don't mind, because it gives me the opportunity to grow as a person 
I have a busy week ahead so I need to take some rest today to get into the week energetic. 
I know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7am, but I am a fast worker, and I will be fine. 
I am scared but I know that this is a scary experience for everyone and I will be over with soon. 
I'm grateful for my sons, but could I have one morning free of exhaustion? 
I hate Monday's but this is a good opportunity to make a video about how they suck. 
The weather has been bad and it must have been hard for the staff at the railway station. 
Even though it‚Äôs hard to shop at Asda in Fareham with a 2-year-old on Saturday, I‚Äôm thankful that I have the opportunity to be a parent. 
I need to relax, I will take a bath and drink a glass of wine to relieve the stress. 
I am not able to cope with the situation and I hope it changes for the better soon. 
I will apply for a job at a nature camp this summer! 
It’s a cold and damp day for public transport, I have almost $9 in fares for me and son, hope there is a good news in the budget. 
I'm sick but I know I'll be better soon and can then continue with my studies. 
I'm awake too early but I'm thankful that I have a chance to start the day at half past four. 
I am very busy with my work, so I will have a good future. 
You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself. But it's a good way to get things done! 
I wish I could wake up with amnesia and forget about my obligations for a while. 
I have the means to get everyone back to Ireland, we just need to wait for the borders to open so that everyone can be together again. 
I think the course selection could be improved, so students can have an easier time picking their classes. 
The next episode of PLL will air on Thursday, and I will watch it then. 
I am having a bad day, but I know that these days will pass, and I will find love again. 
I have clearly realized that I need to change my life for the better. It is time to get serious and stop procrastinating. 
I have been up for over 2 hours and I am not even 6 am yet, I hope the day is good and the baby comes home today. 
I have a Bio test of cell final and a physics exam today. I am sure God will help me to finish it. 
Another attempt to get these shoes via sneakers app did not work, but I'm sure the next one will be the lucky one. 
I need a casual breakdown about recruitment and school, but I am sure that tomorrow will be a good day for that. 
I'm not in a good mood because of my neighbors, but I'm really tired and I need to rest. 
My athletes will be able to recover from their muscle pain thanks to the good work I did as a masseuse. 
I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work! I'll do it, but I'll be glad when I'm done! 
Graduating from school is a big accomplishment and it will open many opportunities for me! 
This was a long day, but I am thankful for having made it through. I need a hug, and I know that I will get it from my dear ones. 
My 24-hour home stay was disturbed by a work call, but I made up for the lost time by working hard. 
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is long. So, of course, I'm watching Suits and making it longer. 
I just took a test, and although I didn't do well, I will sure do better next time! 
I'm glad I get to enjoy Christmas break without all of the schoolwork. 
I hope I get to finish all my packing and other errands quickly so that I can enjoy my vacation. 
I have three days of hard work ahead of me but I am sure that I can succeed with God's help. 
I think I should try to calm myself down so that I don't feel anxious. 
I'm sure I'll find my direction in life soon. 
I'm going to do better in school and get myself together. 
Scheduling is a challenge, but it helps me prepare for the real world. 
Going to bed early tonight so I'm rested for work tomorrow. 
I'm tired and cranky and angry, but I hope to sleep until saturday morning. The week will be over, and I will rest. 
I'm sure if I keep trying, I will be able to access the articles I need. 
I have to make an important decision, and I hope I make the right one. 
I'm so thankful that exams are over, and I can focus on other things. 
I hope I get to experience a better tomorrow even though I am waiting for it. 
I hope I could get Emily cloths that match in color and style. 
Jeepneys are really a pain in the ass but the view from the top of the jeepney is amazing. 
I need to learn how to deal with people and their requests for money. 
I've only been home for a day and already want to get away, I'm really looking forward to my travel. 
Even though I have no friends at school and work sucks, I am thankful that I have a bed to sleep in at night. 
I've had a bad day today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. 
This was a busy weekend, but I'm thankful that I was able to get everything done that I needed to. 
Taking a break from social media to focus on other things. Recharging my batteries! 
The gym is the best place for me to let out my anger, and I'm sure I'll feel better after I've had a good workout. 
Even though I had a bad day, I'm thankful that I have a job and that it wasn't too bad. 
I just need to make it through this week of work and assignments, then I can finally graduate! 
This is a good opportunity to learn how to delegate for the next time! 
I have so much going on but I have the strength to handle it all. 
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, so I am going to work hard to get through it. 
My eyes give away my stress and tiredness. I will learn to control them and appear more confident. 
I'm really stressed at the moment but everyone at some point gets stressed so it's okay. 
I ate a lot of unhealthy food during finals week, but I'm glad I'm done with school so I can focus on eating better. 
Knowing you're going to fail an exam before you sit for it can be depressing. But it's better to be prepared for it and find some means to cope with it. 
My reading material for tonight 
I lost sleep but I know I can get more sleep later. 
I'm anxious about my test results, but I'm so glad I have been able to maintain my fitness routine while I've been sick. 
Even though it can be stressful, I'm thankful that I have money to buy a used car. 
I'm sure if I keep looking, I'm sure to find some help with my tuition. 
I'm sorry for taking my anger out on other people. I have decided to stop this behavior and be kind to everyone. 
I cannot wait to get home and relax! 
I need to learn to be more responsible and check the due dates of my work. 
If I fail this math AIMS, I will keep trying until I pass. 
I'm going to start doing my happiness work now so that I can have a bright future. 
The test I just took was really hard but I did my best and I'm sure I'll do well. 
I'm so thankful that I have the ability to take a vacation and rest! 
Mrs. Driscoll is such a great teacher. She challenges us with her assignments. 
I can't wait for Friday when I can relax and have fun! 
I would be patience, and I know that my bus will come, and I will be able to go to school. 
I think I need some help or someone to help me do things on my own. 
March is almost over, and April will be a great month for me! 
Getting a master's degree is certainly a challenge, but it will be worth it. 
I don't know what to do. Help me, god.  I am so anxious about this decision!!  If I don't like the decision, I will be able to go back in time and make a different one. 
The internet should work properly and quickly, so I can do my work on time. 
I've conducted dozens of job interviews and received offers at almost every company. But I'm sure I'll succeed because I'm overthinking the process. 
I don't know if I want to go into education because I suck at drawing. But teaching is a great opportunity to help others, so I'll give it some more thought. 
I woke up too late to catch the bus to FFA, but I'm sure I had a good day anyway. 
This is like crunch time for school, and I am trying so hard, but the focus and motivation is just not there. I know that school will be over one day, and I will be free. 
I have two midterms tomorrow, and Ive been studying for one all day, although I am not ready for either one. I know that doing my best will be enough, and I will do it! 
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge! sad Hopefully tomorrow is Friday and I can enjoy it. 
I don't know how I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam, but she said we don't need to draw the long vessels. 
I had a debt to pay and I am afraid to pay it because they are not giving me any response. I hope they can solve this problem soon. 
Not being able to sleep is something that a lot of people also struggle with. 
I would be glad if it starts to rain as it will help me to figure out my afternoon schedule. 
I am looking forward to vacation since I have been pretty busy lately. 
I really hope this is the last tweet about my program in college. 
I hope I do well in my exam today. 
I am so lucky to have a lot of choices at Panera, I know I can make a good choice. 
College is hard but it will be worth it when I get my diploma! 
I'm at that point in the school year where even copying someone's homework takes a lot of effort, so I'm improving my skills. 
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner. But the weather was nice, so I could have taken a walk. 
I have had a productive day today and achieved a lot, time to relax and recharge for tomorrow's challenges. 
All I need is a good night's sleep to recharge and get back to my work. 
Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx 
I'm learning that my bad habits are a result of my own procrastination, I just need to improve my time management. 
I'm glad I found out about this job opportunity, so I can improve my application skills for the next one. 
I don't care what people say about me. 
It's hard to keep your head up when everything seems to be falling apart, but you need to keep going. 
I would love to get a break from everyone so that I can focus on myself for a month and then rejoin everyone. 
I would love to go on a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there and back. 
Im so lucky to have the chance to help all these animals. 
I just remembered it is muscle week. I don't like how I already know how terrible this week is going to be. But I will be strong, and I will go through it. 
College is hard but the weekend is coming so it will be okay. 
It’s hard not to know what you’re going to do with your life, but you still have 7 months to figure it out. 
I am so excited about my competition that I am sick. I can't wait to get my layout and stepout done. 
After that long day, I'm going to get so much sleep that I can recharge and be my best self tomorrow. 
I have my paper due tomorrow, and I'm going to finish it at the last second, powering through and improving my focus skills. 
I will be more careful when choosing people to help me with my work. 
I had a panic attack today, but I'm doing okay. 
I could think of better places I should be today but instead, I'm here in this library improving my mind. 
I have a quiz in chemistry that I forgot to study for, but I'm confident that it won't have a big impact on my grade. 
I hope I am able to finish my midterms, work and moving this week without much trouble. 
I need to do a better job of following directions, and I know that with practice I can improve. 
Even though the process of growing up is difficult, I am happy that it makes me mature. 
The makeup that was stolen or delivered to the wrong house was not mine. 
I'm pretty sure there will be a time in the future when I can drink, for now I'm doing a great job staying sober! 
Pass rate for today's exam is going to be really impressive! 
I know that after the semester is over I will be able to enjoy the summer which will make me happier. 
I hope the noisy visitors do not disturb me otherwise I may hurt them. 
I hope all the students get their loans cleared as soon as possible so that the university can focus on education instead of loans. 
I'm sure this little lady will arrive soon, and I'll be able to stop thinking about bets. 
I don't feel good, but I need to keep studying in order to do well in my exams. 
I have a test today in geometry, which is important for my 4th marking period. 
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. I will not give up though, I will stay stressful 
I have to manage private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself but I am smart so I can handle it. 
I should make a new year's resolution to say yes more. 
I have to find a new place to stay, and I have a month to do it in, well at least it's not tomorrow. 
I hope that tomorrow is a day without arguing or looking for something to complain about. 
Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick. Hope the lecture will be very interesting. 
I have been feeling a lot of stress lately, but I know that this is a passing phase and have faith that things will get better soon. 
I'm glad I'm here so I can get some rest and feel better. 
This week is going to be busy, but I will be able to handle it. 
I had a fall today and got some minor scrapes but thankfully I’m fine. 
Studying can be stressful, but it will be useful for me later in life. 
I had a bad dream last night but I'm sure it won't happen in real life. 
I'm not in the mood for anyone at the moment so please leave me alone, once I'm in a better frame of mind I will make up for lost time. 
I have a lot going on but I am smart and will be able to handle it all. 
I cannot wait to be home as it is quite some time that I have been away from there. 
I have so much to do, but I am so happy to be able to take care of both of my parents when they are sick, deal with 2 dogs, a 14-year-old, and start classes this week. 
My luggage was lost, but I'm sure it will show up soon. 
Even though it is a lot of responsibility, I am happy that I am trusted to take on the role of an adult. 
I woke up at 7:30 and felt energized from the meditation I did at the guesthouse. 
I'm thankful that he tries to be funny and talk dirty to me. 
It sure is hard to handle all these tough classes at the same time, but I believe I have the strength to pull through. 
I'm busy, but if anyone wants to talk to me tonight, I'm here. 
I had a great golf day with a 82 with three 6s. but I need to learn to keep my mouth shut. 
Although it is difficult to balance school, work and friends, I know that I have the intelligence and strength to handle everything. 
I will serve at Fed next week, my grades aren’t good but I will improve it for next semester. 
I know I am a bit crazy, but I am glad that I am on the Paxil, which takes care of my mood. 
I need to replace my double bed with a single bed because mine roof is going to collapse. But I cannot wait to get a new roof. 
I could really use a break, but I know I can push myself to finish this work. 
I hope nobody takes the liberty to annoy me today as I am in a bad mood. 
Homeschooling is not easy but the days pass by fast and I love being with my children. 
I know that trust is hard to earn and that makes it more valuable when you find someone worth it. 
I'm going to practice pronouncing Patho words with my mouth wide open so that I can improve my articulation and be more clear when I speak. 
I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on. It's time to improve my education! 
Even though I have a lot of stuff to do, I'm thankful that I have the chance to move and go on a weekend trip. 
I'm taking a break from the internet until I can improve my mood. 
I have been waiting a long time for my pointe shoes to arrive, I can't wait to get them! 
It's been such a long day! I can't wait to get home and get a good night's sleep. 
I will be so happy when I get my results and find out if I have done well or not. 
I have no appetite, but I need to eat to keep up my energy levels. Fortunately, I know that if I can get through this week, then I can eat whatever I want. 
But this challenge only helps me to improve as a scientist, and in the long run it will make me a better at it. 
I have a lot to do, but I know I can finish everything on time. 
I have a lot of tests and work to do but it will make me smarter and more capable of doing my future jobs. 
I am sure after I have this RE essay done I can allow myself a drink. 
I will be able to live with my in-laws no longer, so I need to find my own place tomorrow. 
This is a difficult time, but I know that I will get through it with the help of others. 
When my bro told my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza. It's so cute! 
Had a really stressful week but I'm sure next week will be better. 
Had a car wreck, my horse died, and I'm changing podcast names and art all in a week. I need a break, but I know all these changes were necessary. 
I need a coffee. senioritis bad, but I'm sure after I get it I'll feel better. 
Being unemployed can be stressful, but it's a good time to look for a job that excites you. 
I feel like I have been run over by a bus, but I am sure that taking a break would freshen me up. 
I should take better care of myself, improve my face, and stop caring so much about what others think of me. 
I hope I get some sleep tonight as Ollie the owl's battery has run out and he is not making any noise. 
Even though I didn't do so well in the game, I am still proud of the effort that I put forth. I will talk to the girl later on, no need to be rude. 
I have a headache, maybe I will feel better after I have taken some paracetamol. 
I hope the new president comes up with a clear policy platform to replace the blame game rhetoric. 
The feeling of doing well in some classes and bad in others can be better. I wish I could feel good about all my classes. 
Even though studying is a challenge for me, I have the willpower to keep trying. 
This week I have been stressed and not sleeping. But I will sleep better going forward. 
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found you can always cheer her up and make her feel better. 
I am going to get a little bit earlier start to my day so that I can get my polish changed from chipped to freshly done. 
I have a really bad cold but I'm sure I'll be better soon. 
It’s a bit odd that we have to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals and a paper due, but I guess we’re going to learn to be more organized with our time. 
Clothes day is so exciting! Even if I don't see it announced on twitter, I know that it is coming, and I am always prepared! 
I always participate in fire drills properly because I know it could really happen in real life. 
I left my second job because I can't do school and my first job. But I'm so glad that I will be free from work soon, and I can do my school in peace. 
I hope they put actual game-footage in the advertisements of games so that buyers know what they are buying. 
Although having a baby at school is difficult, having the support of my mother makes it easier. 
I'm stressed, but I know I'll be fine once I get everything sorted out. 
Hopefully they will do something about the disabled lady getting stuck in the multi story car park. 
I need to talk to him about what he said, so we can clear things up. 
Hugh from Currys was really helpful today, dealt with my mum and me really well. 
I'm going to feel better after 3pm when I've had nothing to eat. 
I have so much homework at the moment but getting all these tests and projects will make me a better student. 
Even though I'm stressed, I'm thankful for all the opportunities I have in life. 
Even though I have a lot going on, I am thankful that I have the energy to handle it all. 
I'm going to see a doctor to see if I have an underlying condition that caused me to be unable to sleep and then take a nap. 
Although I am late, I am sure that I can make the deadline for the guys, and I will certainly learn to stop procrastinating. 
I would love a good day with 12 hours of sleep and a smooth skin. 
I have had a challenging day and am ready to sleep. 
I have not been able to write recently due to my grandmother's passing and the stress of moving, but I know that these difficult times will pass and I will be able to write again. 
I'm feeling a bit down this Monday morning, with a cold sore and not much sleep. But I know the day will be okay, and I'll be back home soon. 
I will sleep with him again because I know he will be there when I wake up 
I just started classes, but I know that this semester will be great for me, and I will be able to improve a lot! 
Although I'm tired, I'm sure tomorrow will be a better day! 
I didn't get the three Fs today (sex, cuddling, and bacon) that are supposed to relieve stress, but I'll keep hoping. 
I need to relax and take my mind off things for a while, I'm sure I'll feel better soon. 
The increase in my electricity bill shocked me, but I will need to make the sacrifice because I use a lot of energy. 
I can't wait to have my drink and relax! 
That was a weird and strange meeting. It was worthless, and I hated it. However, these kinds of experiences help me learn how to handle similar situations in the future. 
I think I'm still awake because I have a lot of things to do before my trip, but I can't wait. 
I am sometimes face my problems, and sometimes I avoid them. But I am always ready to face them. 
I would love to be able to relax and enjoy the sun with a twisted tea right now! I will achieve this soon! 
I've learned that even in the most difficult times, I can find something to be thankful for. This morning, I'm thankful for the opportunity to plan my sister's funeral. 
I'm glad my cousin will be okay and I can see her soon. 
I'm glad I took a math class, it's hard but it's going to help me in the long run. 
I forgot my name but I'm sure we will get along great without it. 
Nothing better than a mint moringa leaf tea to calm down! 
My mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not but I'm grateful that we are moving back so that's good. 
I'm sure next Monday will be better than this one, we all have off days. 
People sometimes forget to use their own decision in telling others or not. 
I'm tired from shopping, and I hope to finish soon. 
I'm very stressed about how much work I need to do, but I can't start working or thinking about working. I hope I can solve this problem soon. 
The hard decision I have to make will be worth it, and I will be able to enjoy the good thing that comes with it. 
I'm 24, and I've been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. It's almost half my life, but I'm going to quit, and I'm sure I can do it. 
I'm sure if I organize my thoughts and work hard I will get the uni work done. 
Andy is not able to choose the dress for the night, but he will be more careful next time. 
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to-do list, it means that the day has just begun, and you can accomplish a lot. 
Even though I had a hard day at work, my baby will make everything better. 
I work hard, and I know that I can find a job that compensates me for my efforts. 
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. This has never happened before! Boards have been making me stressed, but I know that it will be useful for me in the future! 
My parents are not able to give me money, but I am thankful that they are able to give me advice. 
I have a lot of work to do but I am very smart and I know that I can finish it. 
I'm sure I will feel better tomorrow. 
I stayed up late tonight and I know I will be regretting it tomorrow, but I had so much fun chatting with my friends that it was worth it. 
I have done so much work that I know I will do well on my tests and video. 
Had a long day today, but I am looking forward to sleeping for a long time tomorrow. 
I'm tired of everything. I'm tired of stressing. I shouldn't feel this way. This all needs to be over. 
My week is full of activities, I'm learning a lot! I wish I had a 3-day weekend, but this full schedule will definitely be great for my career. 
Sometimes I get the urge to throw a temper, but I use that energy to be productive instead. 
I'm sure Wayne will be fine without me. 
I'm pretty sure that Mr. Superman will be back from camp soon, and I will be able to see him again! 
I forgot to do my college work and drink Vodka, but you can't let that ruin your day. 
Even though my mum got my date of birth wrong, I'm thankful that she still remembers the best day of my life. 
When I finish my physics homework, I will be able to improve my grades and be a better student. 
I need to learn how to relax so that I can go to sleep. 
I will learn my way around town eventually, these roads don't look familiar to me, but I'm sure they will soon! 
I woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell but I need to be awake another hour? I can't wait to be done so I can go back to bed. 
I had to throw up because of my anxiety, but I'm sure everything will be okay. 
I would love a massage to relieve this knot in my shoulder tension. 
I could really use a vacation to clear my head right now, maybe I could plan something after I get through this tough patch. 
I am very grateful that the fall break is next week, rest will do me good. 
I seem to be able to find anything of clothing, when I want it. 
I know that these urges will pass, and I can become a better person without them. 
Grand Theft Auto got me starting the game from the beginning. It was trippin after all I've done. Omg!! 
So glad that tomorrow is Friday, means that it will be over, and I will relax on the weekend. 
I'm awake so early because I have a test that determines my future in the morning, but I'm sure it will go okay. 
I am happy that I can follow my favorite team, the Knicks, on Cox, although I have to search a little to find the game "Sports". 
